Announcer: Welcome, brave Irken soldiers. Welcome to Conventia, the convention hall planet. Please, proceed to the docking ring and take the complimentary teleporters to the planet's surface!

A Shuvver approaches the docking ring as mechanical tubes stretch out and attach to it. Pink energy is sucked through the tubes and into the docking ring, where it's projected onto Conventia via satellite. On the planet, Monitors hover above a city, some displaying the Conventia Announcer, and one displaying a green monkey. Spittle Runners also fly over the city.

Announcer: Be sure to visit the gift shop for all kinds of cheap, useless stuff!

On the planet's surface, a beam of pink energy hits a hovering receptor, which causes an Irken to materialize in its beam.

Announcer: If you're here for The Great Assigning, please remember where you parked and proceed to the main convention hall.

Many Irkens walk towards the convention hall, while Irken Security monitors the crowds on hovering pods. The main convention hall has a large red cartoony robot sitting on top of it. As the Irkens enter the convention hall, the Irken Security fly their hover pods into several openings in the walls.

Red Robot: Galactic conquest is here! (Repeats on a loop, raising its stubby little arms every time it says "here".)

Inside the main convention hall, the Irkens walk past an x-ray. Some of the Irkens carry purple balloons. A huge crowd of Irkens fills the convention hall. On the stage at the front of the convention hall is a disk-shaped metal pod. Electric currents charge between the ceiling and the pod. The Irken Invaders stand on a platform curved around the back of the metal pod. The hoverscreens displaying the Conventia Announcer hover over to the sides of the pod.

Conventia Announcer: Now, wiggle your antennae in salute, because here they are! Your all-knowing, all-powerful leaders, the Almighty Tallest!

A beam of light shines down from the ceiling and onto the pod. Hatches on the pod unlock and it opens up, emitting smoke. The Irkens proceed to wiggle their antennae in salute. The top half of the pod begins to rise to the ceiling. Small floating spheres emerge from the bottom half of the pod and rise above the audience. The metal spheres emit lasers in all directions. Two posts lower from the ceiling pod, which creates a holograph between them. A hover disk detaches from the bottom of the ceiling pod. It lowers downwards, with Almighty Tallest Red and Purple standing on it. The Tallest wave and the disk emits lasers from the rim. The audience cheers.

Purple: Thank you! Thank you!

Red: See, told you they'd love the lasers.

Purple: Everything is lasers with you! I'm telling you, smoke machines are what the people really...

A laser beam hits Purple in the eye and he falls over, screaming in pain. The audience cheers.

Red: See?

The disk-shaped platform lands on the lower half of the pod. As Red talks, Purple gets back up and rubs his eye.

Red: Welcome mighty Irken soldiers! You are the finest examples of military training the Irken army has to offer! Good for you. Standing behind us, however, are the soldiers we've chosen for roles in one of the most crucial parts of operation "Impending Doom 2".

The hologram behind them goes from a blank screen to that of a galactic map.

Red: You in the audience just get to sit and watch.

Purple: You should have tried harder!

Red: These superior ones-

Purple (cutting in): -Not quite as superior as us of course!

Red: Pffff... Duh! These less superior than us but still quite superior soldiers will each be assigned to an enemy planet!

Purple: There, you will blend in with the hideous native inhabitants...

Red: ...All while gathering crucial information, assessing the planet's weaknesses, making it vul-ner-able to our big... space ship... gang!

Purple: The armada? Now, let the assigning begin!

The crowd is silent.

Irken in the back of the audience: Whooooo!

Red: Step forward, Invader Larb.

Invader Larb hops onto the pod. A little ramp extends from the Tallest's disk to the pod. Larb runs up the ramp.

Red: Ah! You seem to have grown since last you stood before us, soldier!

Purple: You've been assigned to the planet Blorch, (The holograph behind them shows a picture of Invader Larb being attacked by giant rats.) home of the slaughtering rat people!

Invader Larb: Why would you draw that?! (his eyes water)

Red: However, because of your increased height, we have decided to give you the planet Vort, (The picture changes to one of Invader Larb relaxing on a large couch.) home of the universe's most comfortable couch.

Invader Larb: Yeeeeeees!

He takes his assignment sheet from Purple then slides away joyfully.

Purple: Next, Invader Spleen!

Invader Spleen walks up.

Red and Purple: Ooooooh!

Both Tallests are impressed by the big, long head of Invader Spleen, who eyes them quizzically. Meanwhile, Zim's Voot Cruiser flies towards the docking ring.

Zim: Move it, move it! Invader coming! Move it! Argh, move it! Get out of the way!

Zim sandwiches his Voot Cruiser in between two docked Viral Tanks. Cut back to the Great Assigning.

Purple: And last... INVADER SKOODGE!

A short, fat Invader with a stained shirt walks up.

Red: Oh, now that's just sad.

Purple (Loudly): COULD YOU GET ANY SHORTER?!

Invader Skoodge looks at the Almighty Tallest sadly.

Red: You will be assigned to Blorch, home of the slaughtering rat people. Thank you.

A picture of Invader Skoodge being attacked by the rat people appears on the holoscreen. Tears swell up in Skoodge's eyes. Zim pushes his way to the front of the main convention hall through the crowds of Irkens.

Zim: Get out of the way! Move it, move it! Get out of my way! Move! You're in my way!

Red: Thus concludes the great assigning!

Zim: Move! You're in my way! Get out of the way! Get out of the way! Move it! Move it! (and so on...)

Red: Help yourselves to some nachos, and we'll see you at the equipping station.

Purple: Yes, gorge yourselves... you MOOCHES!

Zim: No, no, no! Wait!

Zim waves an arm from the front of the crowd.

Red: That voice!

Zim crawls onto the pod.

Red: No!

Purple: It can't be!

Zim rears his head up.

Red and Purple: ZIM!

Zim walks up to where the Tallest are. Invader Skoodge slowly backs away from Zim.

Zim: Sorry I'm late, my Tallest. I couldn't find my invitation. You're lucky I made it at all.

Red: You weren't invited at all.

Purple: Weren't you banished to Foodcourtia? Shouldn't you be... frying something?

Zim: Oh, I quit when I found out about this.

Purple: You quit being banished?

Red: The Assigning is over, Zim!

Zim: But you can't have an invasion without me! I was in operation "Impending Doom 1". Don't you remember?

Purple (Sarcastically): Oh, yes... We remember....

Flashback to planet Irk. Sirens are going off, and several explosions occur. Two Irkens run towards a parked Spittle Runner, but abruptly turn around and run away from the ship right before a large robotic foot of Frontline Battle Mech #4 crushes it. In the cockpit of the battle mech, Zim pulls levers while laughing maniacally.

Irken Operator: But sir, we're still on our own planet!

Zim: Silence! Twist those knobs! Twist those knobs! You! Pull some levers! Pull some levers!

The Irken operators obey disdainfully. The Almighty Tallest watch speechlessly from a building as the battle mech rampages through the wrecked city with Zim's laughter ringing in the air. Further damage occurs as the large cannon on the mech's back pivots around, firing indiscriminately with its sweeping laser. The flashback ends. Zim attempts to smile innocently.

Zim: I put the fires out.

Red: You made them worse!

Zim: Worse... or better?

Purple: Guh... Besides, no Invader has ever been so... very small. You're very small, Zim. You're a tiny... thing.

Zim: BUT... Invader's blood marches through my veins like giant RADIOACTIVE ROBO-PANTS! The pants command me!.. DO NOT IGNORE MY VEINS!!

Red (Awkwardly): As a show of... gratitude for your service in the past... eh... Here's a sandwich.

Red pulls a sandwich out of his belt and hands it to Zim.

Zim: But...

Purple: Thanks for coming, everybody!

Zim: Hello!

Purple: Goodnight!

Zim: Hello! Hello! WAIT!!!

Purple: What? You got your sandwich!

Zim: My Tallest, an opportunity to prove I truly can be an Invader is all that I ask! Gimme! (Zim holds out his hands, as if he is expecting them to give him something else.)

Red (to Purple): Hold on, I've got a plan. (to Zim) We see now that you are truly deserving.

Zim (Satisfied): Yes. Yes, I am.

Red: You will be sent to a planet so mysterious, no one has even heard of it!

Purple: Right! And those who have heard of it... dare not speak its name!

Zim: What's its name?

Purple: Oh, I dare not speak it!

Zim (almost skeptically): Where is it?

Red:: Um... (He starts hovering around, searching the holograph of the universe for a planet.) Uh... Uh... Um... Right there!

Red points to a slip of paper taped to the holograph pole that shows the outline of a planet and a question mark in it with the word "planet?" written underneath it.

Zim: Ooh! Oooooooooh! A secret mission!

Red: Happy now?

Zim: Yes.

Red: Invaders, Report to the equipment hall! Oh, and remember, Lasers!

A laser hits Purple in the eye.

Purple: Ahhhhhh!

Red: The universe will be ours for the taking! It's only a matter of time before all the races of the Universe serve... the IRKEN EMPIRE!!!

Purple: I'll have them serve me the curly fries.

"Curly fries" is echoed over and over as a close-up of the slip of paper with the unknown planet changes to a shot of a galaxy that looks exactly like the planet on the slip of paper, question mark and all. Zoom in on the galaxy at light speed until planet Earth is visible, then Earth is zoomed in on until Dib is visible, sitting on a roof top receiving a transmission from Conventia. He's there with a laptop computer attached to a satellite and Dib is wearing headphones. He pulls off the headphones.

Dib: They're coming!

Dib jumps off the roof and slides down a pipe. Meanwhile, Gaz opens the refrigerator inside.

Gaz: Dib drank the last soda. He will pay!

Outside, Dib slides down the rest of the pipe and swings into an open window, where he falls into a sink filled with water.

Dib: They're coming!

Dib jumps out of the sink and runs to his father, Professor Membrane.

Dib: Dad! They're coming! I heard them! I actually heard them! I was up on the roof, and I heard this transmission that was coming through!

Professor Membrane: Shtshtshtsht! Not now son! I'm making (sparks of electricity fly everywhere) TOAST!

Professor Membrane lifts up a piece of toast triumphantly. Dib runs to his sister, Gaz. Gaz is holding juice, since she couldn't find a soda.

Dib: Gaz, they're coming! They really are!

Gaz: (Irritably) Who's coming, Dib?

Dib: I don't know...

Fade in to the equipping station, where the Invaders gather around the Almighty Tallest. Purple puts a compact robot on the ground, which unfolds into a two-foot-tall robot.

Purple: This is your Standard Issue Information Retrieval Unit, also known as a SIR. It will assist you in gathering valuable knowledge during your mission.

Red: It's also a thermos!

Purple picks up the SIR and it compacts again.

Purple: Who wants this one?

Invader (O.S.): I do!

Purple throws it and it hits the Invader.

Invader (O.S.): Ow! (Woozily) Thank you.

Red: Everyone else, line up and take a robot!

The invaders line up. Out of the wall, a long mechanical tentacle that serves as a conveyor belt emerges. Several compact SIR units slide down. The first Invader in line, Invader Larb, steps up. A SIR detaches from the wire and unfolds, on its feet and ready for action.

Larb: SIR! Go warm up my ship's engines.

SIR: Yes master, I obey!

The SIR and Larb walk off as Zim steps forward.

Zim: Finally! A robot slave of my own!

Zim reaches his arms out, waiting to get his own SIR.

Red (Contemptuously): Um, eh, we have a "top-secret" model for you, Zim.

Red waves his hand over a hole near him and a trashcan emerges. Red searches through the discarded SIR parts as Purple pulls out a screw, 2 pennies, a paper clip, and a rubber ball from his pocket band. Red attaches some eyes to a head as Purple dumps the junk in as a brain for the new robot. Purple makes a howling kind of whistle noise and tosses the hunk of junk in front of Zim. It lies there, inactive.

Zim: It looks kind of... not good.

Purple: Yes! Well, that's what the enemy will think! (Red nods in agreement) Get it?

Zim: I see! Very good! It even fooled meee! I am honored to be trusted with such advanced technology.

The Almighty Tallest giggle to themselves. Suddenly, the robot activates with red glowing eyes and runs up to Zim.

GIR: GIR, reporting for duty!

Zim: GIR? What does the 'G' stand for?

GIR's eyes turn blue.

GIR: I don't know!

GIR stands there stupidly. He then hits himself in the head repeatedly.

GIR: Wheeeeee hoo hoo hoo! Wheeeeeeee hoo hoo hoo!

Zim: Um, is it supposed to be stupid?

Purple: It's not stupid. It's advanced!

GIR proceeds to bounce on his head repeatedly, as the Tallest continue to snicker.

All the Irken ships start to leave Conventia. Zim's Voot Cruiser separates from the rest and heads for Earth.

Zim: Okay, GIR! Our mission begins now! Let us reign some doom down upon the filthy heads of our doomed enemies!

GIR: I'm gonna sing the doom song now! Doom, doom, doom, doo doom, doom (and so on)

GIR continues to sing the doom song as the Voot Cruiser zooms off.

Part 2
The words "6 months later" appear against a black background. Then we see a weak-looking Zim lying back on his chair with his mouth hanging open and his tongue hanging out, drool dripping. GIR is still singing the doom song.

Zim: GIR... Would you please stop singing?

GIR continues singing, and Zim gets up and prepares to strangle GIR but is interrupted by the computer.

Computer: Proximity warning! Planet ahead.

Zim's control panel shows an image of a planet with the word Earth next to it.

Zim: GIR, we're here! We're finally here!

GIR gives Zim a hand motion indicating that he is not done singing the doom song.

GIR: Doom, doom, doom, the end! Ooh, WHASSAT?

Zim: Planet Earth! This must be the place. Okay, first off we have to set up a base of operations.

GIR: Heehee.

Zim: Focus, GIR! This is where your advanced information gathering skills come in handy!

GIR's eyes turn red and he salutes Zim.

GIR: Yes, my master! (his eyes turn blue again as he rushes to the window) Groit!

The Voot Cruiser flies closer to the surface of Earth through clouds.

Zim: You have to observe what these... Earthenoids consider to be... normal. Then, based on your observations, we make our disguises... and our home.

The Voot Cruiser veers downward even closer to the surface of Earth. As they fly by, the control panel shows many Earthenoid objects such as cars and squirrels. The Voot Runner passes over a pink flamingo, the 105.5 FM WTFU radio station, a lawn gnome, and many houses.

Zim: Here! We build here!

The ship abruptly stops over a gap between two houses and lowers down into it. As the Voot Cruiser lands, it creates a great cloud of dust which seeps out into the street. Zim's shadowy figure walks out of the dust and looks around.

Zim: Ooh, that was easy! GIR! Get out here!

GIR jumps out of the Voot Cruiser and hits the ship on the way down, causing him to fall on his face.

Zim: Hurry, GIR! What did you learn?

GIR gets up.

GIR: I saw a squirrel.

Zim gives GIR a puzzled look.

GIR: It was doin' like this...

GIR imitates a squirrel.

Zim: Concentrate, GIR! It is time for disguises!

GIR: I wanna be a mongoose.

Zim: Shhh! We have to be quiet!

GIR's eyes turn red as he salutes Zim. Zim creeps over to the Voot Cruiser and glances around stealthily. He activates the disguise program. The Voot Cruiser reconfigures itself so that it's set up to create the disguises. Two poles emerge from the ship which creates a hologram in between them that displays an image of Zim. The computer sorts through possible disguises, starting with Jhonen Vasquez.

Zim: Too ugly!

The second option displayed is Steve Ressel.

Zim: Too stinky!

The next disguise is Zim wearing contact lenses and a toupee.

Zim: That one looks good!

Zim selects that disguise. Two pods from the Voot Runner close on Zim making an egg shape when interlocked. Light pours out of the crevice where the two pods meet.

Zim: Guh! Why does it hurt!?!

The two panels open, revealing the disguised Zim. GIR looks around.

GIR: Master? Where did you go? Where are you?

Zim waves his arms.

Zim: I'm right here, GIR! It's me! And keep it down, do you wanna wake up the whole planet?

GIR: I dooo.

Zim: Okay, for you, I'm thinking maybe a dog.

GIR: Can I be a mongoose dog?

The disguise program goes through several breeds of dogs before Zim selects one.

Zim: Today, we become... the enemy!

Zim places GIR between the closing pods. They shut on him and light pours out of the crevice where the two panels meet. The pods open to reveal the poorly disguised GIR. His dog suit looks nothing like the one Zim chose and it's green.

Zim: Ingenious!!! Now, all we need is a home. Let's see.

Zim pulls out a capsule, which unfolds as an electronic pad complete with pen. Zim doodles a house on it.

Zim: Some windows, a couple of little animal things in front. There!!!

Zim closes the electronic pad into a capsule with a drill. He sticks the capsule into the ground.

Zim: GIR! Hide!

GIR's feet squeak as they run out into the street. Zim hides behind a fire hydrant and GIR stands in the street.

Zim (practically yelling): AND BE QUIET! We can't afford to make a sound!!

The capsule bores deeper and deeper into the ground before it stops. It unfolds into a fan shape and shoots mechanical tentacles in all directions. The tentacles reach the surface and lift the Voot Runner into the air. A platform forms under the Voot Runner as dirt falls to the ground. A metal hub pops out of the ground and two poles shoot out on either side of the hub. The hub opens up and light pours out. A compact pink couch pops out of the hub and flies into the air. The couch unfolds and hits the ground. Four poles stand from the ground. The poles shoot tentacles that interlock to form a box. The tentacles that lifted the Voot Runner in the air form a wire frame of the interior of the house. The four poles shoot out beams of light that fill in the gaps between the poles. The beams of light then become solid walls complete with windows, a door, and other accessories. Two panels come out of the top of the house which close over the Voot Runner and interlock to form the roof. A large hub forms on the right side of the roof. Out of this hub, a mechanical arm forms. The arm becomes a satellite. A few large tentacles shoot out of the left and the right of the house and latch on to the houses on both sides. They grip tightly and bore into the walls of the neighboring homes. In one house, a man sits in an armchair drinking a beer and watching television. The hole where the big tentacle penetrated from the other side is visible. Out of the hole, many smaller tentacles swarm into the house. The man watches as one of the tentacles attaches to his light fixture and drains it of energy. Below Zim's house, a lab full of Irken computers and technology forms. Back at the surface, lights on Zim's house flicker on as wooden fences sprout around the house. 4 lawn gnomes, 2 puffer fish, and 1 flamingo sprout in Zim's lawn. The lights in other houses in the neighborhood turn on as they wake up from the disturbance. Car alarms are turned off. Some of Zim's new neighbors look outside to see what is going on. Zim grabs GIR by the leash and drags him along towards the house, while whistling as if nothing happened. GIR gets up and starts skipping ahead of Zim as they walk past a sign in Zim's lawn that says "I love Earth!". When they get to the door, it flies open and the Roboparents greet them.

Roboparents: Welcome home, son!

The door closes behind them and Zim relaxes once the coast is clear.

Zim: Wooooo! Step one went smoothly!

They walk across the living room where a picture of a green monkey hangs. They walk into the kitchen over to the trashcan. GIR steps on the pedal that opens it and Zim climbs inside. An elevator takes him down to the underground portion of his house. Unlike the above levels of the house which look human, the underground lab is purely Irken.

Zim: The Tallest were wise to choose me. This planet won't know what hit it after I've learned its weaknesses... D'OH, these lenses are all scratchy!

The elevator drops him into a chair facing a computer. Zim proceeds to type with the keyboard.

Zim: Now, to find the best possible way of "learning" about this sad, filthy little planet. The more we know, the sooner we can conquer this spinning ball of... filthy, er-er-er, dirt!

Zim's computer displays an image of the "Skool" building which Zim will be attending. Cut to the classroom, presumably some time later. Ms. Bitters stands at the front and Zim stands next to her.

Ms. Bitters: Class, I would like to introduce the newest, hopeless appendage to the student body. His name is... Zim. Zim, if you have something to say, say it now, because after this moment, I don't wanna hear another sound from you!

Zim: Hello, friends. I am a perfectly normal human worm baby.

As Zim talks, his classmates look bored and uninterested except for Dib who points and stares with his mouth agape. Sara picks her nose.

Zim: You have nothing, absolutely nothing to fear from me. Just pay no attention to me and we'll get along just fine.

Ms. Bitters: Take your seat now, Zim.

Zim walks with his arms outstretched to an empty desk in the front row.

Ms. Bitters: Today's lecture is about outer space... and how it will eventually implode in on itself!

Zim stands on his desk with both arms up.

Ms. Bitters: Yes, Zim?

Zim: In the event of, say, a full-scale alien invasion, how prepared do you think this planet's defenses would be? Tell me!

Ms. Bitters: As I was saying, the universe is just doomed. Doomed, doomed, doooooomed!

A bug crawls across her face. Ms. Bitters continues to say "doomed" over and over.

Dib: Okay, am I the only one here who sees the alien sitting in class?

The students look around for an alien.

Dib: There!

Dib points at Zim. The camera pans towards Zim but returns to Dib.

Dib: Right there!

The camera pans towards Zim again but this time stays on him. Zim sweats.

Dib: That is no kid! He's an alien! An alien! One of the monsters I've been talking about! He's here to conquer Earth!

Zim nervously moves his finger towards a self-destruct button on his sleeve. Zita leans on Zim's chair.

Zita: Aw, not this again. You're crazy!

Zim relaxes and the self-destruct button disappears.

Dib: What about his horrible green head!?!

Zim: Insolent fool boy! It's a skin condition.

Dib: And he's got no ears! Is that part of your "skin condition", Zim? No ears?

Dib gets in Aki's face, pointing to his own ears. Zim looks embarrassed.

Zim: Yes.

The students look angrily at Dib.

Tae: Man, Dib. You think that just 'cause someone looks different, you can call them an alien?

Brian: I guess Old Kid's an alien too, huh?

Old Kid: How's it goin'?

Dib: Okay, see this is us-

Dib uses a pointer to point to a sketch on the chalkboard of a man labeled "Normal Human Being".

Dib: -Now over here, over here is Zim.

Dib uses a pointer to point to a sketch of an Irken labeled "Zim".

Dib: See the difference? Anyone? Anyone? Questions?

The Letter M: Yeah, what's wrong with you? All you talk about is aliens and ghosts and seeing Bigfoot in your garage!

Dib: He was using the belt sander...

Zim: Yeah, he's always saying stuff. I remember that one time, whoo!

Dib: Hey! You just got here! Don't let him trick you! I know what I'm talking about, and there it is... sitting right there!

Student Voice: Well, he does look... pretty weird.

The word Weird passes by Zim.

Another student voice: Yeah! And he is sitting!

The word Sitting passes by Zim.

Dib: Ya see? Actual proof that all the things I've been saying are actually right! Finally, a way to prove that I'm, that I'm...

Zim (imitating Dib): ...That I'm crazy!

Zita: Okay, now that makes sense!

Brian: Man, we almost believed him!

Black bars appear above and below Dib and Zim's faces, making it appear like a wide-screen format as the two stare at each other.

Ms. Bitters: Doom, doom, doom. Go home now!

The bell rings and students rush out of the Skool. Some students climb out of the windows to escape. Zim pauses in front of the Skool then proceeds to slowly walk down the steps. The doors open behind him and Dib appears.

Dib: Zim. Maybe your cruddy little disguise worked on everyone else, but I'll get them to see the truth.

Zim: No one will believe you.

Dib: They'll believe if I bring you to them without your disguise!

Dib slides down the side railings of the steps and lands in front of Zim. He pulls out a pair of advanced handcuffs.

Dib: I ordered this from one of my U.F.O. zines.

Dib opens the handcuffs.

Zim: Oh, it's pretty. What is it?

Dib: Alien sleep cuffs, guaranteed to render all alien life forms unconscious.

Zim: How do you know it works if you never found an alien before?

Dib: I'm gonna find out right now!

Dib yells as he leaps at Zim. Zim jumps just in time and lands on top of Dib. Zim runs as Dib chases. They both run into Olivia, knocking her over.

Zim: Leave me alone! I just wanna go home and be all normal!

Zim jumps through an open window of an open car door and then out into the street. Zim knocks into the crossing guard. The crossing guard spins around and accidentally hits Dib with his stop sign. Zim smiles and runs into an alleyway. Zim jumps on a tire and grabs a pair of pants hanging on a clothesline. He slides down the clothesline, knocking off all the other clothes. Dib appears at the other end of the alleyway in front of Zim. Zim lets go of the pants and hits a box of oranges, knocking Dib over. Zim goes into the street and is almost hit by a car. The car stops and honks at Zim, but Zim climbs to the top of the car. He hops from car to car was Dib follows bellow on the sidewalk. Zim climbs to the top of a fake ice cream cone on top of an ice cream truck. Out of the speakers of the ice cream truck is a strange, hypnotizing, Arnold Swartzenegger-type voice.

Ice Cream Truck: You lahk ice cream. You lahk ice cream. You lahve it. You cannot reseest ice cream. To reseest is 'opeless. Your exeestence is meaningless without ice cream.

Dib laughs maniacally. A skool bus stops beside the ice cream truck to drop off students. Zim jumps from the ice cream truck to the skool bus. Dib also climbs the skool bus. Zim backs up as Dib approaches him. Zim almost falls off the bus from backing up too far. He hangs halfway off the bus.

Dib: They might even name your autopsy video after MEEE!

The bus starts moving again and Zim loses his grip. He flies through the air and lands on top of a metal fence while making a painful noise.

Zim: Ha! See ya, Dib! Pitiful human!

Suddenly, a dog jumps out of the bushes behind the fence and bites down on Zim's head, pulling him down. One of Zim's boots flies through the air and lands on the fence. The skool bus passes by and Dib jumps off onto the fence, kicking Zim's boot off the fence. He looks into the bushes for Zim, but he doesn't notice that Zim is crawling out of the bushes down below. He is in pain. He puts his boot back on. Zim looks up and sees that Dib is still on the top of the fence looking for Zim in the bushes. Zim pushes Dib into the bushes so that the dog will attack him. Zim stands on the fence as a personal communicator attached to a robotic arm unfolds from his Pak. Zim contacts GIR on the communicator.

Zim: GIR! Help me! There isn't much time!

GIR: Yes, sir!

Almost instantly, the disguised GIR arrives using his jetpack. Zim hops down from the fence.

Zim: Get me out of here now, GIR! Now!

GIR: Okey dokey!

GIR flies underneath Zim and forces him into the air. Zim grips GIR by the ears as they fly off.

Zim: Hey, wait a minute! what the? Ahhhhhh!

Dib crawls out of the bushes looking disheveled. He brightens up as he realizes he can follow the smoke trail GIR's jetpack has created. Zim screams as he and GIR rocket towards the house. They smack into the door and fall to the ground. They slowly get up. Zim looks badly beaten and has a twig in his wig.

Zim: Good work, GIR...

GIR makes a triumphant noise like the one made by Blue in Blue's Clues.

Dib: There you are.

Dib emerges from the smoke trail.

Zim: Quick! Get in the house, GIR! Hurry!

The door opens and the Parent Decoys greet them.

Parent Decoys: Welcome home, son!

The door shuts behind them and Dib runs up and pounds on it.

Dib: Your little tricks won't fool me, Zim! I know where you live now!

Dib sticks his head up against the window.

GIR: Oh, your friend's at the window!

Dib: You can't hide forever! And if you can, then I'll wait forever!

Lasers pop out of the pupils of one of the lawn gnomes. The aiming system zooms in Dib's sleep cuffs.

Dib: I've been preparing for this all my life!

A laser bolt from the lawn gnome disintegrates the cuffs.

Dib: Okay... I'm going to go home now and prepare some more!

GIR takes off his disguise gleefully.

Dib: But I'll be back, and from here to the ends of the Earth, Zim—

Dib continues to talk as Zim pulls the twig out of his wig.

Zim: I feel good about how today went.

Dib: ...to the depths of the oceans!

Cut to the Massive, the Almighty Tallest's ship.

Irken: Incoming transmissions from... Earth.

A large view screen displays the word 'Earth.' Red sips on a soda.

Purple: What is... Earth?

The large view screen displays Zim (out of disguise). As he talks, GIR, who is also out of disguise, peeps his head in from the top.

Zim: Invader Zim reporting, sirs. The mission goes well.

Red drops his soda and Purple stares with his mouth agape.

Zim: But surely you expected that from me.

Red spits.

Red: Zim... You're alive!?

Zim: Yes. So very alive.

GIR: Hello!

Zim: And full of goo. Mission gooo! Don't be surprised if I take care of the humans before the armada even gets here! Well, I've much work to do, so: Invader Zim, signing off!

GIR falls from his perch, knocking Zim down.

Zim: Oh, my spine!

The transmission fades. Red and Purple glance at each other in disbelief. The episode ends as the screen goes into static, then darkness.


Zim sits alone at a table in the cafeteria. He scoops up a single pea with his spoon from his tray and sniffs. He gasps and holds the pea as far away from himself as his arms will allow, then dumps it back with the rest of the peas. Big Moose Kid walks by Zim's table and slips on some mashed potatoes lying on the ground. To regain balance, Big Moose Kid puts his hand on the back of Zim's head, pushing Zim into his food tray. Big Moose Kid walks on. Zim lifts his head up, his mouth stuffed with peas. He screams and spits, and then starts spasming on the table. Students look at him, then walk on.

Jessica: That new kid's a freak. I think his name is Zip or something.

Zim lifts his head up and grunts, then begins listening in.

Jessica: He's been here long enough to at least make some loser friends, like the creepy kid, Dib...

Dib raises an eyebrow.

Jessica: ...or those rejects in the corner.

Gretchen, Keef, Melvin, Dirge, and Matthew P. Mathers III are gathered around a table in the corner. The sound of a fly buzzing is heard.

Jessica: But look at him, all by himself! I mean, what kind of kid doesn't have any friends? It's so... inhuman.

"Inhuman" is echoed several times, as Zim gets a worried look on his face. He imagines himself in a cylindrical tank, out of his disguise, while three scientists stand in front of it. The press is gathered around the scientists.

Reporter: Congratulations on discovering the grotesque space monster! Tell us, how did you know he was an alien?

Scientist: Well, we noticed he had no friends.

Cameras and microphones close in on the scientists. The word 'friends' is repeated in Zim's head. The dream sequence ends. Zim gasps.

He looks to a table and sees Lizard Boy give two other kids a cupcake and they accept him as their friend. He sees Zooglodon and Rob lick the same lollipop. Zim grunts and looks to another table where Mary and another student pass a ball over the table, back and forth. Zim sees Penny and Olivia spell out the word 'friends' in string. Zim looks to the table where Dib and Gaz are sitting. Dib squints his eyes menacingly. Zim's eyes go wide with a pop as he looks back at the corner where the rejected students are. Zim approaches Dirge.

Zim: I'm looking for a friend. Would you be—

Dirge: I was born with webbed fish toes... like some kind of horrible fish boy. Wanna see?

One of Dirge's eyes widens. Zim backs away slowly in fear. Zim approaches Matthew P. Mathers III, pointing.

Zim: Would you—

Matthew P. Mathers III screams and runs away.

Zim: Squeally fools! These human filthies should be honored to even be considered as possible friends of Zim!

Zim looks to where Gretchen, Melvin, and Keef stand.

Zim: Who among you feels they are worthy enough to be my best friend?

The three of them smile.

Zim: Good. I have devised some simple tests to determine who is the worthiest.

Zim grabs a carton of milk laying on the table. Zim pours the milk so that a puddle of it is on the table.

Zim: We begin by testing your absorbency.

Zim rubs Gretchen's head against the puddle, she grunts.

Gretchen: Hey!

Gretchen grunts again. Zim lets her get up and milk drips off her face. Zim grabs Melvin by the collar and then shoves his head into the puddle. Zim then grabs Keef by the collar and shoves his head into the puddle. The milk is absorbed into Keef's head.

Zim: Next, I test your electrical conductivity.

Zim pulls out two extending conductive rods which create a line of electricity in between them. Zim holds them above the heads of the three students. Light flashes through the cafeteria as the screams of the kids are heard. Melvin and Gretchen are burned to a crisp, but Keef was unaffected.

Zim: And now, the final test.

Zim pulls out a beaver and a toy taxi from behind his back. Soon, he slowly approaches the students. Horrible noises and screams are heard and much time passes as indicated by a clock. Melvin and Gretchen sit at the table in pain, still looking burned, while Keef stands at Zim's side with only a few specks of dirt.

Zim: We have a winner! What is your name, friend?

Keef: My name's Keef! Wow, I've never won anything before! I promise I'll be the best, most loyal friend ever!

Keef hugs Zim. Keef's eyes water.

Keef: I'm so happy.

Zim uses his finger to push Keef away.

Zim: Don't touch me.

Zim drags Keef over to the table where Jessica sits.

Zim: I'd like you all to meet Keef.

Zim lifts Keef up by the back of his collar. Keef waves.

Zim: He's my best friend.

Zim sets Keef back down.

Zim: Not yours! Mine!

Jessica: Get lost, you losers!

Zim: Very well. I am going to get lost. But notice I am getting lost with my best friend.

Zim drags Keef away. Later, in the playground, Zim and Keef play tetherball against Zooglodon. Zooglodon serves the ball and Zim uses Keef as a bat to hit it. The ball knocks Zooglodon down and ties around the pole. They do a bizarre victory dance that involves hopping around each other. Students at the jungle gym stare in bewilderment.

In art class, Zim walks over to a table where some students are painting, sculpting, and making things. He shows off a drawing of Keef and himself that looks like a third grader drew it. Keef and Zim are labeled on the picture and the word 'friends!' is written underneath. Keef pops out from behind Zim and shows off a painting with Keef and Zim's heads, instead of the heads of the usual mother and baby. The students at the table just stare. Zim looks annoyed.

Later, they walk together down a hallway, smiling, waving, and giving thumbs ups to the students as they pass by. Keef accidentally bumps Zim, so he shoves Keef. Later, they are seen outside of Zim's house.

Keef: And then tomorrow there's the circus! We can go to the circus, I love the circus! You wanna go to the circus, Zim?

Zim: I want to congratulate you, Keef, on a job well done. You have been a most convincing friend, but now that the world seems satisfied with my knack for companionship, I don't think I'll be requiring your services any longer. Our mission together is done. Good job, solider! (Zim salutes Keef) Be gone with you.

Zim goes inside and almost closes the door when Keef speaks.

Keef: Hey, you got any video games?

Zim: Yes.

Keef stands there. The sound of a car passing by is heard. Zim shuts the door. Zim relaxes and sighs. Zim looks at the couch and sees that GIR, who is out of disguise, is sitting there, watching the Scary Monkey Show. The scary monkey growls.

Zim: A job well done.

A drawing of Keef and Zim is slid under the door with the words "bestest friends" written on it. "S" is written backwards on it. The phone rings. Zim picks up the phone.

Zim: Hello?

Keef: Heya buddy, how ya doing?

Zim: Keef? I told you I do not require your—

Keef: I understand, Zim. I was thinking maybe you'd want to—

The phone beeps.

Zim: Hold on, I've got another call.

Zim presses a button on the phone and switches lines.

Zim: Hello?

Keef: Heya buddy! You're gonna love the circus!

Zim lifts the phone away from his head fearfully. He yanks on the phone, pulling it from out of the wall. Zim looks out the window and sees Keef riding a bike slowly past Zim's house. Zim stares slack jawed. As soon as Keef passes by, he suddenly passes again from the same direction. Zim rolls down the blinds.

Zim: GIR!

GIR drops from the ceiling and lies on the floor. His eyes turn red and he salutes.

GIR: Yes, my master.

Zim: GIR, I'm going down to the lab, do not let anyone into the house!

GIR stands up and salutes.

GIR: Yes sir!

Zim walks over to the toilet in his kitchen. The lid opens automatically and Zim steps in. He tugs on a cord and light pours down from the ceiling as he is flushed down into the lab. The doorbell rings. GIR's eyes go back to their normal color.

GIR: Leprechauns!

GIR leaps into the air. All of the blue on him turns to red as he soars in a fighting stance. He kicks, spins, and does other fighting stances as the background changes to a red color with bones lining it. The background returns to normal and the red changes back to its normal color. GIR puts his dog suit on and puts a paw to the doorknob. Deep within the lab, Zim relaxes on his curved chair out of his disguise. He yawns and kicks back. The next morning, Zim rises from the toilet in disguise. He is shocked to find Keef at the stove cooking bacon as GIR sits at the table in his dog suit next to a plate of stacked waffles.

Keef: Hey Zim! You showed up just in time for the waffles!

GIR pounds his silverware against the table. Zim growls.

Zim: Get out of my house! I told you you're fired!

Keef: You don't like waffles?

Zim pushes Keef towards the door. Keef still holds the skillet full of bacon.

Zim: Out, out, out, out!

The door opens and Zim holds Keef in the air, ready to toss him.

Keef: Oh, we can walk to skool together!

Zim: I'm sick. I'm not going to skool today.

Zim tosses out Keef and the bacon on the skillet jiggles, as he flies through the air. Keef tumbles along the ground. GIR walks out and eats a piece of bacon.

Keef: Poor sick Zim, no wonder he's so sad! I have a great idea, GIR! I think we should throw our Zim a surprise party! It'll cheer him up!

GIR waves his "paws" in the air and squeals with joy.

Keef: I'll get a bunch of kids and bring them over after skool. Now this is supposed to be a surprise, do you understand, GIR? A surprise! Zim can't find out!

GIR: Meow!

Zim sits on the couch as GIR enters with a bag of party stuff. Zim eyes GIR as he walks across the room trying to hide the bag behind him. In the kitchen, GIR tries setting the bag on the table, but it tips over and the contents spill all over the place. GIR looks sad. Zim enters behind him.

Zim: What are you doing, GIR?

GIR: Nothing.

Zim: Nothing... or something?

GIR: Oh, I can't take it, you're too smart for me. (GIR removes the dog head part of his costume and lets it hang behind him like a hood.) Keef is planning a surprise party for after skool. He gonna bring all the kids because he loves you!

GIR pounds the floor.

GIR: That boy loves you so much! (GIR stops pounding the floor) I'm makin' the cake!

GIR skips off happily.

Zim: He's bringing all the children to our secret lair!?! Do you realize what this means?

GIR stirs a bowl of cake batter.

GIR: Yes. Wait a minute... no.

Zim: It means our mission is in jeopardy!

GIR: Aw, man!

GIR starts humming as he stirs the batter.

Zim: Something must be done about this Keef! If he succeeds, the whole population of Earth will show up on our doorstep!

A bell rings in the skool. Keef walks by the tables in the cafeteria passing out party invitations to the students. He holds an invitation out to Jessica.

Keef: Party after skool at Zim's house! Everybody's invited!

Jessica: Who's Zim?

Keef: He's the green kid. You know him.

Jessica: Oh, you mean the freak? With that one friend that makes him even freakier?

The students who got an invitation look towards Keef. Jessica laughs.

Jessica: I don't think so.

Keef sadly lowers the invitation. Everyone else crumples their invitations and throws them at Keef. Keef looks to the corner where the rejected students sit and smiles. Deep in Zim's lab, Zim is suspended in the air by two straps. He holds some kind of welding tool which he uses on an unseen object.

Zim: Humans and their filthy friendship! It brings nothing but trouble! I can see them now.

Zim has a dream sequence. Keef steps in a puddle holding a torch and walking towards Zim's house. Other students and people follow behind, most of them holding torches. The reflections of smiling students are seen holding hands around the tube where Zim floats, who is out of disguise. His entire house appears surreal and everything looks different. Melvin and another student hop on the couch, while adults and scientists dance. Zootch stands under a newly-installed roller coaster. The roller coaster loops around Zim's house. Students and adults hold hands in a circle around the tube where Zim is being held. The dream sequence ends. Zim shudders and continues working. At skool, the bell rings. The door opens up and Keef runs out, followed by Melvin, Gretchen, Dirge, and Matthew P. Mathers III and then Zita and Smeedge.

Keef: Party!

Zim looks at a clock next to him which says 3:02. Zim gasps and goes back to work. Keef, Melvin, Gretchen, Mathew P. Mathers III, and Dirge run in slow motion towards Zim's house.

Keef (with slow-mo voice): Paaaaarty!

Zim sweats as he struggles to complete his device.

Keef (slowed down even more): Paaaaaa-

GIR sings the doom song in slow motion as he stirs the cake. Zim connects some wires. It cuts back to Keef, GIR, Zim, and back to Keef, GIR, Zim, Keef, GIR, and then back to Zim. Zim cuts a ribbon with a zapping device and looks at his creation which is wrapped as a present.

Zim: Ah!

Suspended by the straps, Zim spins around and laughs maniacally, holding the gift. He chokes for a second, but then goes back to laughing. Outside, Keef and the others wait across the street.

Keef: Okay, now you guys wait here while I get him. Then jump out and yell "surprise!". (Keef waves his arms) He'll be so happy!

Keef runs towards Zim's house.

Gretchen: I've never been to a party before.

Melvin: Do they hurt?

Squirrels run away as Keef runs to Zim's door. He opens it.

Keef: Hey Zim! I'm home!

Keef sees Zim, who is in disguise, standing there holding the gift.

Keef: For me? Oh, you are my bestest friend! Thank you, Zim!

Keef takes the gift and rips off the ribbons. The box opens and the camera pans to the wall, where we see the shadows of Keef and two mechanical arms, which pop out and grip onto Keef's eyes. Keef screams in pain, as it yanks them out and replaces them with new mechanical ones with red pupils.

Zim: Keef?

Keef (in hypnotic state): Yes?

Zim: Who's your best friend?

Keef (in hypnotic state): That would be Zim. Today, he got me—

Zim: Silence! When I snap my fingers, the next living thing you see you will believe to be your best friend.

Keef (in hypnotic state): I like Zim.

Zim: I know you do... but pay attention!

Zim uses the arachnid robot legs that come out of his backpack to cling onto one of the wires above and lift himself out of view. Zim snaps his fingers and Keef's robot eyes light up for a split second. Keef is out of the hypnotic state. He rubs his eyes.

Keef: What happened?

Keef goes back into a hypnotic state and approaches the window. He sees a squirrel sitting on a lawn gnome in Zim's yard. The robotic eyes make the squirrel look like Zim to Keef. The squirrel scampers away. Keef is out of the hypnotic state.

Keef: Zim? How'd you get out there? Hey, wait up! I have a surprise for you!

Keef runs out the door. Zim laughs.

Zim: Humans and their friendship! Invaders need no one! No one!

The wires Zim's mechanical arachnid legs were clinging to break off and Zim falls onto the ground.

Keef: Hey guys! This is Zim!

Matthew P. Mathers III, Dirge, and Gretchen look at the squirrel. The squirrel scampers off.

Keef: It's Zim!

Keef goes following the squirrel.

Dirge: Forget this weirdo. Hey, you guys wanna see something really neat?

Dirge bends down to untie his shoe laces. Matthew P. Mathers III runs away screaming. Keef follows the squirrel onto a fence. The squirrel munches on an acorn.

Keef: Hey, I'm hungry. Could I get some of that?

Zim-Squirrel: No.

The squirrel climbs up the roof of the house next to Zim's and Keef follows behind it. Keef approaches the now angry squirrel. The squirrel jumps on Keef and fights with him. Keef screams as they both fall off the roof. Smoke rises from the spot where Keef and the squirrel landed as everything goes tinted red.

Keef's Voice: You don't like waffles?

GIR's image appears in the cloud of smoke, still stirring the cake batter and singing the Doom Song in slow motion.



It is dusk. GIR skips home happily in his dog suit, slurping a Suck Munkey slushie. He walks into the house, leaving the front door wide open. He sits down on the couch and sucks on the Suck Munkey so hard that his face sucks in. Deep within the lab, Zim (out of disguise) uses a welding tool on his PAK, which is detached from his back.

Computer: Security breach!

Some of Zim's monitors flash the word "alert." Zim gasps.

Zim: An intruder!

Zim's PAK hovers into the air and approaches Zim's back. The PAK reconnects to Zim, and a hover platform lifts him upward. On the main floor, a dresser in the living room lifts up and the floor underneath it opens. Zim rises up, still out of disguise. He sees that the door is wide open, and sighs in exasperation.

Zim: GIR! You left the door open again!

GIR: I got chocolate bubblegum!

GIR opens his mouth, which, sure enough, is dripping with chocolate bubblegum. As Zim continues talking, Dib in a ninja suit crawls across the ceiling, clinging to the wires that line it. GIR sees Dib and watches him as Zim talks.

Zim: GIR, with an entire planet of enemies waiting for us to drop our guard, we have to be very careful not to have our guards get all... droppy. Understand?

GIR opens his mouth wide, still eyeing Dib.

Zim: I'll take that as a yes. Now, I'm going down below to check the laser weasel experiment.

Zim shuts the door.

Zim: I think they're ripe by now.

GIR goes back to sipping his slushie.

Zim: (Emphasis) Computer!!! Take me to the WEA-sels!

The dresser lifts up and the floor opens. The hover platform lifts up and Zim prepares to step on it.

Dib: Wow!

Zim looks behind him in shock and the flash of a camera is seen.

Zim: Hey!

Dib: It wasn't me.

Zim: Yes, it was! Computer! Intruder alert!

A wire tentacle with a claw at the end and a clawed mechanical arm emerge from the ceiling on either side of Dib. Dib drops to the ground right as they lunge at him and they hit each other. Dib screams and runs to the chair. The claws follow behind him and he flips over them then again over GIR. He jumps out the window, which was open the whole time.

Dib: Now I have proof, Zim! Photographic evidence!

Dib holds up his camera. A lawn gnome lifts its arms up and turns around. It approaches Dib from behind.

Dib: Soon, your Zim guts will be strewn all over an autopsy table!

Dib laughs and notices the lawn gnome right behind him. He jumps out of the way before the lawn gnome can grab him. Dib runs away.

Zim: You left the window open too!?!

GIR: Oh yeaaah.

Cut to Skool.

A bell rings in the skool. Students wait in line at the cafeteria. Dib and Gaz sit at a table with a tray of food. Gaz plays her Game Slave.

Dib: Zim wasn't in class today, Gaz.

Gaz: Maybe he's sick.

Dib: Yeah, sick with fear!

Dib holds up a disk.

Dib: Once these picture get out, he won't be able to hide any longer! I'm gonna send them to 'Mysterious Mysteries' and then the world will know!

Dib has a spoonful of his meal.

Dib: Maybe they'll let me host the show. My own episode!

Gaz: I'm only 13 levels away from finishing this game so I either finish the game or make you wish I was never born.

Later on, at dusk in Dib's house, Dib addresses a later to 'Mysterious Mysteries of strange Mysteries.' He sticks the disk in the envelope and closes it. Dib takes the envelope and hops over onto the couch where Gaz is, playing her Game Slave. The television is playing 'Mysterious Mysteries.' The title screen background is made to look like the viewer is falling into a green pit.

Announcer: For years, the world has wondered, "Are there aliens among us?"

As the opening for the show continues, words and images flash by. The first one is 'FLYING DISC CRASHES,' followed by the typical-looking alien and the words 'TOP SECRET.' Then, a silhouette of a flying saucer flies by. After that, the words 'AREA 51' go by and then it shows Earth.

Announcer: But we here at Mysterious Mysteries of Strange Mystery have always known the answer to this question. And that answer is a resounding 'maybe.' Which is why, as always, we ask you, our viewers, to help us put an end to this question once and for all.

The green pit background changes to a repeating pattern of a bunch of small flying saucers. An envelope appears with an alien popping his head out of it and waving, and the envelope shows the address for the viewers to send their proof of alien life. It is written out to AL IAN, ALPHA CENTAURI, MYSTERIOUS MYSTERIES OF STRANGE MYSTERY. The stamp shows a flying saucer on it.

Announcer: Send us your proof of alien existence, and a sub-address stamped envelope.

Dib sits on the couch with his envelope in his hand when suddenly his arms start wiggling. He frowns.

Dib: What?

Dib's left arm starts bumping into Gaz's head as she plays her Game Slave.

Gaz: Remember earlier the whole 'bugging me' thing? You're doing it again.

Dib: I'm not doing this, Gaz! I don't have control of my arms!

Gaz grunts. Dib's arms grab the envelope and rip it in half so that the disk with Zim's picture falls onto Dib's lap. Dib's arms stop wiggling around, each holding one half of the envelope.

Gaz: I'm letting you live this time, Dib, but only because I'm still getting through this last level.

Gaz gets up and leaves, still focusing on her Game Slave.

Dib: But Gaz!

Dib drops the envelope halves. Dib grunts as his arms start moving around by themselves again. His right arm grabs the disk. Dib's television goes into static and then shows Zim in the cockpit of a ship. He is under different lighting so his skin appears red while his eyes look green. Both his hands are gripped on levers.

Zim: Hello, Dib!

Dib: What the? Zim! What are you doing in my TV!?!

Zim: I'm not in your TV. I'm transmitting from... INSIDE YOUR BODY! Spooky, yes? At this very moment I'm inside a microscopic submersible somewhere in your disgusting belly attached to your arm control nerve!

A view inside Dib's body shows the arm control nerve with a claw from Zim's nano-ship attached to it. Bubbles rise out of Zim's nano-ship.

Dib: ...Arm control nerve?

Zim: Yes! Arm control nerve.

Dib: In my... belly?

Zim: YES!

Dib: Humans don't have arm control nerves!

Zim: Do not question me! I control your arms!

Zim grunts as he thrusts levers back and forth. Dib's arms go out of control again. They flap as if he were flying for a second.

Dib: I don't understand, how did you get inside of me?

Zim: A funny story. It begins this afternoon in the cafeteria.

Flashback to Dib and Gaz sitting with their food trays at a table in the cafeteria.

Gaz: Maybe he's sick.

Dib: Yeah, sick with fear!

Dib holds up the disk.

Dib: Once these pictures get out, he won't be able to hide any longer! I'm gonna send them to 'Mysterious Mysteries' and then the world will know!

An extreme close-up on Dib's peas shows Zim waiting in his nano-ship along with single-celled organisms. The ship zooms along as it is spooned up along with the peas. Dib lifts the spoon towards his mouth and eats. Zim flies down Dib's throat. The camera zooms out until it shows Dib, sitting on the couch.

Zim: Now, down to business!

Dib tries to resist as his hand clenches into a fist, crushing the disk.

Dib: No!

Zim laughs evilly.

Dib: You didn't think I'd send the original disk, did you? That was a copy. Only I know where the original disk is.

Zim laughs again.

Zim: Idiotic human. I'll just go to your brain and delete the knowledge of where you hid the master disk. And, as an added bonus, I might as well make your entire brain... not smart... no more.

Dib: Noooooooo!!!

Zim laughs as his nano-ship detaches from the arm control nerve and leaves, headed for Dib's brain. Dib regains control of his arms and drops the crushed disk on the floor. He hops off the couch and runs off. In Prof. Membrane's lab, Prof. Membrane uses a high tech welder that shoots electricity on a spork. Dib runs downstairs into the lab. Prof. Membrane holds up the smoking spork and then sets it back onto the desk.

Dib: Dad! Dad, I need your help!

Prof. Membrane: The world needs my help, son!

Dib: Do you still have that microscopic nano-ship thing you were working on?

Prof. Membrane: Of course!

Prof. Membrane pulls out a plastic bag from his lab-coat and hands it to Dib.

Prof. Membrane: The controls are over there. Why do you need this, son?

Dib: There's an alien in my guts, and he's trying to destroy my brain!

Prof. Membrane: Ah, well, run along then.

Dib grabs the controls which look like a laptop computer with a built-in joystick and hops back onto his couch. The controls turn on showing Dib's mouth as he swallows the nano-ship inside the plastic bag. Dib grabs the controls as the ship falls down his throat.

Dib: I'm coming, Zim!

The controls show a little icon of Dib's head in the corner and an armor bar. Other symbols are on the control screen too. Dib flies the nano-ship through internal passageways and into an area where Zim has placed red flags with the one-eyed Irken symbol on them into the tissue.

Dib: What the? Oh no you don't!

Dib maneuvers around stringy bands of tissue. Zim's nano-ship is not too far ahead. Zim laughs.

Zim: With Dib turned into a drooling moron, nothing will stand in my way, not even... drool!

A monitor screen in Zim's nano-ship displays the words 'incoming transmission.' Another monitor goes from a blank screen to a view of Dib as seen from his nano-ship controls.

Dib: Guess who's right behind you, Zim.

Dib pushes his face up towards the screen. Zim looks at another monitor which shows Dib's nano-ship closing in from behind. Zim grunts as his ship narrowly avoids hitting some tissue. Dib follows Zim into a tube like passage. Gaz walks around the couch, holding her Game Slave at her side. She walks up to where Dib is sitting.

Gaz: Hey, what game is that?

Dib: This is no game, this is my life!

Gaz: Yeah, it's cool looking, but it still just looks like a game.

Zim's voice: You can't beat me, Dib. My piloting skills are unmatched.

Gaz: Is that Zim? Is this an online game?

Dib: Gaz, please. I need to concentrate.

The ships fly through an open area of Dib's body lined with more strings of tissue.

Dib: Let's see.

Dib presses a button and opens a weapon selection screen. He picks a grappling hook.

Dib: How 'bout this?

Red bars appear on the screen to the controls around Zim's ship and the words 'target locked' appear. A little compartment on the front of Dib's nano-ship opens up and the grappling hook shoots out. Zim makes a confused noise as a red light flashes inside his nano-ship. The hook hits Zim's nano-ship and bounces off of it. Zim's ship goes out of control for a second but Zim regains control quickly.

Zim: I've been flying ships since before you were born, sad little Earth monkey!

Zim laughs as he skids along Dib's spleen, tearing it up. Dib screams.

Dib: Agghhh, My spleeen!

Zim: Now I'm in your trachea, Dib. Your brain is so close I can smell it.

Gaz: Can I play?

Dib: Wait a minute. He's in my trachea. Get away from my brain, Zim!

Dib attaches the nano-ship to the wall of his trachea. As Zim zooms past Dib's mouth, Dib inhales. Zim screams as he tries to grip on to Dib's flesh, but he falls back down the trachea, knocking Dib's nano-ship off the wall as he falls. They fall into an open area.

Zim: Enough already! Prepare for some doom!

Zim laughs maniacally as his nano-ship starts to turn into a humanoid robot. Each of its hands forms a ball of electricity. The nano-bot claps the hands together to make one big ball of energy which disappears as the transformation is completed.

Gaz: Quarter circle back.

Dib: What?

Gaz: The transformation move. It’s always quarter circle back.

Dib does this and the words 'TRANSFORMATION INITIATED' appear on the control screen.

Dib: Oh hey, look at that!

Dib's nano-ship also transforms into a humanoid nano-bot. Red light suddenly fills the room.

Gaz: When you die, can I play?

Dib looks panicky. Zim presses forward on his levers while screaming a battle cry. Zim's nano-bot flies at Dib's. Dib attempts to swing a punch but is knocked into the wall.

Gaz: Come on, Dib! Let me play! You're doing it wrong! I could beat him!

Dib: No way! He's in my organs! Not yours!

Zim's nano-bot continues punching Dib's. Dib grunts.

Dib: Quit it! I don't really know the controls yet!

Dib's armor meter begins to decrease.

Dib: Oh no!

Gaz rolls her eyes and grunts. Dib's nano-bot attempts to get up but Zim flings it at the arm control nerve.

Zim: This is kind of sad, Dib. I will put an end to this now.

Zim squeezes a button at the tip of a lever and launches a spear into Dib's arm control nerve. Dib loses control of his arms again.

Dib: Arms... like... noooodlessss!

Dib's arms drop to his side, useless. Gaz shoves him out of the way.

Gaz: It's my turn.

Zim's nano-bot flies back into the mouth cavity and up into the brain.

Zim: Now, let's see where you are keeping the location of the disk, Dib.

A computer in Zim's nano-bot scans the brain. The words 'location located' appear on a monitor screen along with a yellow dot marking the location on a diagram of Dib's brain.

Zim: There!

Zim's nano-bot shoots an energy beam from its hands at Dib's brain.

Dib: He's in my head... knowledge, losing...... brain...... poop.

A bar on Zim's monitor shows the memory being deleted. When it reaches the end, the word 'complete' appears. Zim laughs maniacally.

Dib: I can't remember where the file is, Gaz! He did it! He made me forget!

Gaz: Quiet, Dib!

Zim: And now, to unleash stupidity on your entire brain.

Zim's monitor shows a diagram of Dib's brain along with the words 'reduce brain power.' It has the selections 'Just a bit,' 'A lot,' and 'maximum.' Zim selects maximum.

Zim: From this day forth you will not be a threat to me any-

Zim looks in a different monitor and sees the nano-bot coming straight for him.

Zim: The human doesn't know when to quit. I'll finish with the rest of your brain after I deal with your junky... junk thing.

Zim grunts as he releases the ball of energy he was about to use on the brain. Gaz's nano-bot swerves underneath Zim's and uppercuts him. Zim's nano-bot flies into a tube coming out from the brain and gets electrically shocked. Zim is about to make his nano-bot get up when Gaz makes hers kick Zim's in the head. She kicks Zim's a second time. It bounces into the wall and back at Gaz. Gaz kicks it onto the floor. Dib screams and wiggles around. He bites off part of the couch and bangs his head on the arm of the couch. He rolls off the couch.

Gaz: He's not even trying!

Gaz continues to pummel Zim with the nano-bot. Zim screams.

Zim: Help! Please!

Gaz knocks him to the ground again. Dib lies on the couch, drooling. Gaz's nano-bot spin kicks so the head/cockpit of Zim's nano-bot rips off and falls downward as Zim screams. The words 'enemy destroyed' appear on the controls to the nano-bot. Gaz flies the nano-bot to where the arm control nerve is and uses a laser to destroy the spear lodged in it. Dib gasps happily as he regains control of his arms. Gaz enters her initials on the controls for the nano-bot. Dib laughs and flaps his arms around. He taps his nose with both arm.

Gaz: That game was stupid!

Dib's television still shows Zim, looking badly beaten.

Dib: Now, for my finishing move!

Dib leaves the room and the sound of a door being shut and pants being pulled down is heard.

Zim: Wait, Dib, what's going on!?

Zim screams 'No!' as the sound of a toilet flushing is heard. The view of Zim in the television spins. Dib's toilet is seen flushing. When the flush cycle is done, the words 'THE END' pop out of the toilet.


A bell rings in the skool. In Ms. Bitters' classroom, the words 'The Big Bang' are written on the chalkboard.

Ms. Bitters: ...And you, Mary: Right where your head is, before the Big Bang, there was NOTHING there!
Mary stares speechlessly from her seat.

Ms. Bitters: And outside, where that squirrel is, there was NOTHING!
Ms. Bitters points to the window. On the outside there is a barbed wire fence where a squirrel sits, eating an acorn. The squirrel looks inside the classroom. Zim sits in class, looking extremely bored.

Ms. Bitters: And under your chairs, NOTHING!
Zim looks at the clock and sees that class is almost out. It is less than a minute from ending, but the second hand suddenly stops right as it is about to reach the 12.

Ms. Bitters: And by that tree, where that dog is, nothing.
Inside the clock, a bug is caught in the gears. Zim grunts as he grits his teeth and clings to his desk, waiting for the clock to start moving again. The bug splats inside the clock, sending its innards all over the gears. The gears start running again. The second-hand reaches the twelve and the bell rings.

Zim: Ah, phew.
The students get up and start leaving, except for Dib.

Ms. Bitters: Don't forget that tonight is parent-teacher night. Everyone is required to bring their parents to the cafeteria.
Zim stops in the doorway and then turns around and approaches Ms. Bitters.

Zim: I never agreed to attend this parent-teacher night!
Ms. Bitters: Yes, you did.
Zim: No. You lie! YOU LIIIIIIEEE!!!
Zim flails his arms in scratching motions.

Ms. Bitters: Heh.
In a phantom-like swoop, Ms. Bitters goes to her desk. She opens a drawer and pulls out a disk which she sticks into a computer on her desk. She grabs the mouse and clicks and the blackboard opens up revealing a view screen. The view screen plays a recording of Zim sitting in class. Zim fiddles with a pencil.

Ms. Bitters: (on recording) Zim, are you going to bring your parents to parent-teacher night?
Zim balances the pencil on his lip, then removes it so he can give an answer.

Zim: (on recording) Yeah, sure, whatever.
Zim puts the pencil back on his lips. The recording ends, and the blackboard returns to normal. Zim looks up at a security camera hanging from the ceiling.

Zim: Why would you tape that?
Dib packs his stuff.

Dib: Putting up a lot of fight for something as simple as parent-teacher night, Zim. I bet he doesn't even know what parents are!
Zim: Of course, I do...
Zim flashes back to an incubation station on Irk. The station has a large wall that is separated into boxes, and each box has a simplistic face on it which has three slits, one for the mouth and two for the eyes. The faces are blue to match the wall and the features are purple. Suddenly, the features on one face turn green and the eyes swell up into circles while the mouth becomes a smile. A robotic arm with a claw-like hand grips onto the face and twists it. The arm pulls the face forward, revealing that it is the end of a clear tube that holds baby Zim in it. Another robotic arm grabs the other end of the tube for support. The arms crack the tube in half so that all the green liquid and baby Zim fall to the ground. Zim lies unconscious. Another robotic arm approaches baby Zim from behind and then pokes 2 smoking holes in his back and inserts a standard-issue Irken backpack where the holes were made. Another robotic arm zaps electricity into Zim until he jolts awake.

Computerized Voice: Welcome to life, Irken child. Report for duty.
Baby Zim hops up and hugs the metal arm.

Smeet!Zim: I love you, cold unfeeling robot arm!
The flashback ends and Zim realizes he is hugging Ms. Bitters. Ms. Bitters growls and slithers out of his grip, making Zim fall to the floor.

Ms. Bitters: You will be here tonight, Zim. You and your parents!
Zim walks towards the exit.

Dib: Yeah! See you and your parents tonight, Zim!
Zim stops in the doorway.

Zim: Yes. Oh, I will bring my pa-rents. And they shall be the greatest, most parental parents ever!
An Avon door-to-door saleswoman walks towards Zim's house holding a make-up bag. She pauses to run a hand through her hair and fix her suit. She looks at one of the lawn gnomes and then walks up to the front door. As she walks, the lawn gnome's head turns to follow her. Its eyes turn red. The Avon lady rings the doorbell. Within the walls of the house, two metal arms clamp together in response to the ringing of the doorbell. They spin around, creating volts of electricity. Somewhere else in the house, lights along a wall begin lighting up. A door opens up at the top of that wall and a rectangular attachment to a robotic arm goes into the door, fitting smugly into the compartment. Within the compartment, RoboDad wobbles. A door on the main level of the house interior opens up and RoboDad wheels out along a track to the front door. The front door opens.

RoboDad: Welcome home, son!
Avon Lady: Um, oh, heh. Is the lady of the house in?
RoboMom rams into the side of the RoboDad.

RoboMom: That's me! I'm house lady, brush your teeth!
GIR in disguise walks by the open door humming a tune. He catches sight of the bag of make-up which says 'take make-up' and stares.

Avon Lady: Um... (she clears her throat) I'm selling make-up and I just know you'll find something great in-
RoboMom: (cutting her off) I said BRUSH YOUR TEETH!
She lifts up a toothbrush and jumps on the Avon lady. Down the block, Zim walks home looking depressed. A thought cloud appears next to him with Dib's head in it.

Thought-Cloud!Dib: I'll see you and your parents tonight, Zim! By the way, it's not called Parent-Teacher Night, it's called Zim doom parent, Zim doom zimmy... doom... night! (Thought-Cloud!Dib laughs) Watch out for that puppy.
Zim: Huh?
Zim grunts as he trips over a motionless puppy. He lands right in front of his yard and hears a strange noise.

Zim: Huh?
He lifts his head and sees the RoboMom forcefully brushing the teeth of the Avon lady as she screams.

Zim: Ah!
The Avon lady hits the RoboMom with her bag and runs away. GIR chases after her.

GIR: No, wait! Come back! I need stuff!
As Zim walks angrily into the house, the RoboParents back up a bit.

RoboDad: Welcome home, son!
RoboDad wheels backward until he rams into the wall and electricity sparks out from him.

RoboMom: (holding a bag of flour) You want some dinner, sweetheart?
She pours the flour on Zim's head. Zim wipes the flour off as he walks over to the couch.

Zim: What am I going to do? I only have a few hours before this... (Zim uses his metal spider leg appendages that come out of his backpack to boost him up to the couch) ... parent-teacher thing.
RoboMom repeatedly pokes RoboDad with a wooden spoon.

Zim: The parent decoys aren't ready for that kind of service. Their interactive skills are too limited. Unless... GIR!
GIR in disguise plops in front of Zim wearing make-up he stole from the Avon lady. Make-up items scatter around him such as lipstick, a compact, and a brush.

GIR: Yes, sir!
Zim: GIR, we have to program the parents to learn human social behavior if they are to join me for parent-teacher night.
GIR: Yes sir, right away!
Fade into a room with 16 televisions hooked up to many wires coming out of the backs. The RoboParents are strapped to chairs, their eyes are clamped open, and wires are attached to their heads. The televisions are each playing something different.

TV Voice: Failure to rotate stock destroys merchandise.
TV Voice: You stupid moron!
The televisions continue cutting each other off so it is hard to get complete lines from them.

TV Voice: Do you have any ideas?
GIR in disguise walks over to a TV showing a fence between two houses.

GIR: Ooh! This is my favorite show!
GIR walks over to a different TV showing a clip from an old Warner Bros. cartoon.

GIR: Wait, no, this is my favorite show!
GIR walks back to the other TV.

GIR: It's my favorite show!
GIR's dog ears drop then perk up when the TV shows the fence between two houses, but now a man named Yorgh is walking down the sidewalk in front of it. An x-ray view of his back shows his spine crack.

Yorgh: Ahhhhh! My spine!
He spasms on the ground and foam shoots out of his mouth. The word 'Aspirin' appears over the television. Zim shakes his head. The TV next to that one goes from static to the scary monkey show. GIR hugs the TV playing the scary monkey show.

GIR: I love this show.
Zim: No, GIR! The robot parents must learn proper parenting from this video program!
Zim holds up a cassette that says 'Proper Earth Parenting.' Zim sticks the video into a VCR and all the TVs start playing the tape. GIR nestles his head up to a wire and falls asleep. Zim starts walking away.

Zim: Make sure they watch the entire video, GIR. The fate of our mission depends on it!
A double door slams behind Zim and wakes up GIR. All the televisions display a mom and a dad showing off their son.

Earth Mother: We sure are proud of our little boy.
Earth Father: We sure are!
GIR stops the tape with a remote and starts watching normal television. One TV shows a woman standing by a washing machine holding up a pair of pants with grass stains.

Woman: Are you plagued by grass stains?
Another TV shows a fat man with a burrito and a glass of hot sauce.

Firgile: I like burritos... but they sure don't like me!
The word 'Diarrhea' appears written in blood. Another TV shows a woman with a wild haircut.

Woman: Who does your hair?
Another TV shows the words 'Kung Fu Theatre.'

Announcer: We now return to our movie in progress.
The words 'Poke of Doom' replace 'Kung Fu Theatre.'

Announcer: Poke of Doom!
Kung fu type noises are heard as we see the camera follow a thick wire that attaches to the chair the decoys are sitting in. A close-up on RoboMom's eye shows blue trails of energy flowing towards the pupil. The sound of the kung fu poking goes on in the background.

GIR: I love this show.
Later, in a portion of Zim's lab, the RoboParents stand in a doorway on looking a massive pit. Zim jumps out of the pit and lands in front of them.

RoboMom: Are you ready dear?
Zim: Yes.
Zim makes a triumphant arm gesture.

RoboDad: Well then we 'otta be on our way.
Zim: Yes!
RoboMom: We sure are proud of you, son.
RoboDad: We sure arrrrre....
As RoboDad says 'are' he leans forward. His eyes look off into different directions.

GIR's Voice: I love this show.
Parents are seen entering the Skool. Inside, Lizard Boy shows off to Flan by wiggling his tongue around in a water glass held in his mouth. Mr. Elliot walks up to Dib and Gaz who are accompanied by a floating monitor that displays Prof. Membrane on it.

Mr. Elliot: Hey kids, it's your dad! I never knew he was a floating head!
Dib: No, he's not. My dad's just really busy and he couldn't be here in person. He's transmitting live from his lab across town.
Prof. Membrane holds up a test tube and studies it.

Mr. Elliot: Hey, my dad was like that too, you know I understand. It's nice to meet you, professor.
Mr. Elliot holds out a hand to the floating monitor.

Mr. Elliot: I'm Mr. Elliot, huh, your daughter Gaz's teacher!
Gaz groans.

Prof. Membrane: I'm sorry but I'm very busy right now. We're testing some highly unstable- NOOO! You have the mixture all wrong!
Light pours on Prof. Membrane. An explosion is heard, and a mushroom cloud can be seen in the window behind Mr. Elliot. Sirens go off and screaming is heard. Prof. Membrane's monitor screen shows static, but then a hazardous warning symbol appears with the words 'Please Stand By.' The mushroom cloud outside is gone, but smoke can be seen rising from a building. Zim stands in the cafeteria doorway with his Parent Decoys behind him. Zim looks unsure, but then he gets confidence to enter. He walks over to where Ms. Bitters is talking to some parents while the Parent Decoys wheel along behind him. Zim clears his throat and Ms. Bitters turns around.

Zim: These are my parents, I love them with all my heart.
RoboMom twists around and RoboDad sparks electricity.

Zim: I must have punch now!
Zim scampers away with the RoboParents following behind him. Ms. Bitters turns back to the parents she was talking to.

Ms. Bitters: When you were my students, I said you'd amount to nothing. And I was right, you're NOTHING!
Zim stands by the punch table holding a glass of punch. Dib, Gaz, and Prof. Membrane in his monitor screen approach from behind. Gaz is chewing on something and Dib gets himself a cup of punch.

Dib: Hello, Zim.
Zim: Dib.
Dib: Dad, there's somebody I want you to meet. This is Zim. You know, the alien.
Prof. Membrane's floating monitor hovers up closer to Zim. Prof. Membrane rubs his chin.

Prof. Membrane: And what country is the little green boy from?
Zim's not paying attention.

Zim: Yes, yes, that's fascinating.
Zim scampers away, but returns and hits the bottom of Dib's cup of punch so that punch goes all over Dib's face. Gaz sniggers.

Zim walks over to where the RoboParents are talking to the Slunchy family. As he approaches, the RoboParents writhe around once again. Billy Slunchy looks disgruntled.

Zim: So, what's goin' on?
Billy Slunchy: My mom won't shut up about me. It's really embarrassing.
Mongo Slunchy: At least she's not showing the pictures.
Mrs. Slunchy: Oh, and you've just gotta see these pictures!
RoboMom just stares blankly as Mrs. Slunchy pulls a bunch of pictures from her wallet.

Mrs. Slunchy: Now here's Billy cryin' when he was kicked off the soccer team for cryin' too much!
Mrs. Slunchy giggles. Billy Slunchy starts crying.

RoboMom: Grass stains sure are tough to get out of those soccer uniforms!
RoboDad: Sports aren't everything. I'm sure your boy will find... something he's good at.
Zim looks thoughtfully and puts a hand to his chin.

Ted Slunchy: That's true. (Mrs. Slunchy nods) Hey! Try one of these cookies! My wife made them!
RoboDad: Thanks, Ted!
RoboDad takes a cookie and eats it, but then grabs his stomach with a look of pain on his face. Mrs. Slunchy nervously squints while Ted Slunchy just looks angry.

RoboMom: Oh no. Honey, is it-
RoboDad: Yup! DIARRHEAAAAAaaaaaa...!
Many parents and a few students look in the direction of the RoboParents. Zim's eyes bulge.

RoboMom: I have just the thing for that!
She lifts a cup of punch and splashes it in RoboDad's face. He wheels backward into a wall and sparks shoot out of him. RoboMom turns to face Mrs. Slunchy.

RoboMom: Who DOES your hair?
RoboMom starts poking Mrs. Slunchy so hard that it leaves marks.

Mrs. Slunchy: Ow, ow, ow! My head!
She starts screaming as a crowd forms to watch. Zim looks shocked.

Zim: Mom, I think we should go home now!
RoboMom turns around to face Zim. Mrs. Slunchy goes into her husband's arms.

RoboMom: Don't tell me what to do young man! You go to your room!
RoboMom picks Zim up and drops him in the bowl of punch. RoboMom wheels away. Zim hops out of the punch bowl, soaking. Dib dumps a cup of punch over Zim's head. Gaz sniggers. Zim is about to say something when he hears his RoboParents causing trouble again and goes running to check it out. RoboDad is charging the wall over and over again, leaving a mark and creating sparks on impact.

Mr. Elliot: Hey, is your dad feeling well?
Zim: Yes, he's perfectly fine.
An electric volt runs from tRoboDad's feet to his left arm. His left arm shoots off and flies through the air where it lands right by Mr. Elliot's feet. It wriggles around. Mr. Elliot screams. Dib laughs but realizes that no one else thinks it's funny.

Zim: Nothing to worry about! My dad lost his arm in the, uh, THE WAR!
RoboDad: (on his knees) That was my squeezin' arm. THEY TOOK MY SQUEEZING ARM! WHY MY SQUEEZING ARM?!
RoboDad screams. The sound of Mrs. Slunchy's screams is heard again.

Mongo Slunchy: Quit pokin' my mom's head!
Zim grabs RoboDad by the arm and drags him along over to where RoboMom is poking Mrs. Slunchy again.

Zim: Look, mom, we really have to go! Please. Now, please!
RoboMom: Honey, you're upset!
Zim: Yes! And I want to go home!
RoboMom: I know what'll cheer you up.
The RoboParents start river dancing. Dib leans back at the punch table, eating a doughnut and sipping punch. Then he springs forward, pointing at the parent decoys.

Dib: Look everyone! Look!
Some people turn their heads, but most are looking at Mrs. Slunchy. Billy Slunchy is crying.

Woman: Can't you see this woman is suffering from severe pokie trauma!?!
The RoboParents are still river-dancing.

Zim: Uck, mom, dad. I think I've broken my spine! My spine!
Zim screams and then pants.

RoboMom: Awe, honey. I think it's time we took you home.
Zim's eyes widen. RoboMom picks him up and holds him in a cradling position. Zim grins, but that grin fades when he realizes the RoboParent's legs are turning into jetpacks. The RoboParents fly away, blasting through the window.

Dib: Lemme guess... nobody saw that, right?
Every single person there is looking away, possibly still crowded around Mrs. Slunchy. Dib throws his punch to the ground.

Hugh Monstro: Hey!
The entire crowd turns around.

Hugh Monstro: That kid's throwing punch!
A phantom figure slithers through the crowd and materializes in front of Dib as Ms. Bitters, who hisses angrily.


GIR in disguise falls from the ceiling in the living room and lands on the couch. GIR uses a cushion as a spring-board and bounces into the center of the room.

GIR: Yeee-HOOOO! I'm running, I'm running!

GIR continues screaming happily as he runs along the archway in between the living room and the kitchen. He runs into the kitchen and steps on the lever that opens the trashcan as he runs by it. He runs around the toilet and around the table and then jumps into the air. He hits the wall with a grunt right above the open trashcan and slides into it. He continues screaming as he slides down into the underground lab, the trashcan closes behind him. In the lab, Zim works the levers of some mechanical arms. The mechanical arms are inside a large tube. One of them is a claw that holds a computer chip. The other is a laser pen-looking thing that Zim uses on the chip. GIR slides into the lab through a high-tech laundry-chute-like tube. GIR slides across the floor and eventually comes to a stop. GIR then removes his disguise.

GIR: I'm naked!

GIR starts running around the lab.

Zim: GIR! Sit still! I need quiet to repair your guidance systems box.

GIR: I don't need it! I don't need it!

GIR grunts as he runs into the same laundry-chute-thing he came out of. He falls to the ground, his eyes lacking color now. The top of the tube opens up and the mechanical claw arm holding the chip lifts it above the tube. Zim takes the chip.

Zim: Done. The finest in Irken guidance technology, and I have improved it.

Zim starts walking forward.

Zim: With these upgrades, GIR, there will be nothing that you cannot find, no situation that you cannot guide us out of.

Zim presses the tip of GIR's antenna and the top of his head opens up, revealing a beehive in his head. Bees start flying around.

Zim: BEEES!

Zim grabs the beehive and sticks it into the laundry-chute-thing, where it is sucked upwards along with the bees.

Zim: Now, if we could just work on your behavior.

Zim starts sticking the chip into GIR's head.

GIR: Aw, my bees...

Zim lifts his hands from GIR's head since the chip is now in place.

Zim: You now possess superior geographic guidance abilities, GIR.

GIR: Finally.

Zim hunches over a laptop-like device.

Zim: Report upgrade status.

GIR hops to attention, now in Duty Mode, and salutes.

GIR: Sir, guidance chip in place and fully functional, sir.

GIR lowers his saluting hand.

Zim: Demonstrate. Which way is... the skool?

GIR squints and looks around. He goes into search mode and everything he sees is transparent. A little box in the upper right corner shows a picture of the skool, but disappears when his vision zooms ahead to where the skool is. He points up to his upper right.

Zim: Good, GIR! Now, something tougher. Where is planet Blorch?

GIR goes into search mode again. A little box in the upper right corner shows a picture of planet Blorch, and GIR's vision zooms into the stars past satellites and planets until it stops at planet Blorch. Two moons circle it. GIR points to his upper left.

Zim: Excellent! Now, where is our home planet, Irk?

GIR moves his finger a tiny bit.

Zim: Perfect! Okay, GIR. I think a field test is in order.

GIR relaxes, reverts to normal mode, and walks up to one of the monitors that is playing static.

Zim: Let's go into the nearby city and get as lost as we can.

The monitor goes from static to the Scary Monkey Show. The Scary Monkey is breathing heavily.

Zim: GIR, no cheating! Shut your chip off first.

GIR: Do we have to go right now? I wanna watch the Scary Monkey Show!

Zim turns around and glares at the Scary Monkey Show.

Zim: That monkey...

Close-up on the Scary Monkey as the fly buzzes around his face.

Zim: As soon as we're lost enough you just use the chip to guide us home. Now, put your disguise back on! I have devised a new, even more insidiously clever disguise for myself!

The front door opens and the disguised GIR walks out on a leash. Zim, with his new disguise, walks out behind him, holding the leash. His new disguise includes a coat, a beard, and a hat with a flower sticking out of it.

Zim: Be alert, GIR! On this planet we are surrounded by danger, and madness!

GIR: Ooh, I like madness!

The camera pans from the residential area to the city. Traffic moves slowly through the city. Zim looks around nervously as he walks GIR along the sidewalk. They walk past a clothing store. They walk in the street Zim frowns as they walk past a shop that has rows of TVs in a display window, all playing the Scary Monkey Show. The Scary Monkey breathes heavily. GIR stops to watch, but Zim keeps walking and GIR is dragged along because of the leash. They walk along more streets and shops and when they reach a street corner, a Chihuahua walks in front of them. The Chihuahua appears to go static when a passing car creates wind that tugs on it. Zim is frightened by this.

Zim: Madness!

Zim and GIR walk into a park where a mime has a crowd. The crowd members step forward and start giving the mime change. Zim drags GIR along, and ends up back in the street corner he was at a second ago.

Zim: Okay. I think I've had my fill of these horrible... stink-people-things for today. So activate your guidance chip and lead the way to home!

GIR looks around and then points upward. Zim looks baffled, then chuckles a bit.

Zim: No. No GIR, not Irk. I meant our home base here on Earth.

GIR: Oh, here.

GIR points downward.

Zim: Our HOUSE, GIR! Which direction is our house?

GIR: Um, that way.

GIR points behind them. He looks around.

GIR: No, wait, um, it's over there.

GIR points to another random direction.

Zim: How could you not know! I just upgraded your guidance system!

GIR: Oh, I left that at home.

Zim: You left what at home?

GIR: The guidey, chippy, thingy.

Zim: You! Why would you do that!?!

GIR: To make room for the cupcake!

GIR unzips the top of his disguise and a cupcake pops out. He starts eating it sloppily. When he finishes it, he licks the wrapper.

Zim: (grunts) How could you do this? You've left us stranded in the middle of the enemy territory! Surrounded by humans!

GIR's eyes start to tear up, as he looks sadly up at his master.

Zim: I can see that you understand your mistake, GIR, and me being angry will get us no closer to home. I will just have to use my innate invader survival skills to get us out of here.

Zim walks over to a trashcan.

Zim: See, GIR? The Almighty Tallest have not placed their trust in me without reason.

Zim hops into the trashcan. GIR sobs and looks at the cupcake wrapper.

GIR: I miss you, cupcake.

Zim pops out of the trashcan with scraps of metal in his hand.

Zim: I will use these pieces of scrap metal to fashion a compass...

Zim starts folding the scrap metal.

Zim: ...using this planet's own magnetic field against it!

Zim turns around.

Zim: Now, witness the power of my compass!

Zim turns around again and shows GIR the compass, which beeps. Zim moves it from side to side but the arrow constantly points at GIR. Then the compass flies out of Zim's hands and attaches to GIR.

GIR: Aw... It likes me!

Zim: Perhaps a compass is not the best tool for this situation.

Zim grabs the compass and throws it in the garbage can.

GIR: Why don't we ask the information humans for help? (points toward a nearby building bearing the words "INFORMATION CENTER")

Zim: I will NOT stoop so LOW as to ask the HEW-mans for help!

A bus passes by them and then starts backing up to where they are.

Zim: You speak nonsense, GIR! We help ourselves.

A sign on the bus says "What about the bus?"

GIR: (reading) What.. about.. the.. bus?

A man who was waiting at the bus stop boards the bus and dumps some change into the change bin which has a sign over it that says "exact fare please."

Zim: Excellent, GIR! We will use one of their own methods of transportation to beat this revolting city!

Zim and GIR take the front seats right behind the driver.

Bus driver: Where d'you think you're goin'?

Zim: I go home. Now mind your business, bus slave!

Bus driver: You don't go anywhere without bus fare!

She coughs and points to the change bin.

Zim: Fare?

Bus driver: This ain't a free ride, little man! (snort) You need money!

Zim: You expect me to pay to be on this filthy machine? Have you the brain worms!?!

Zim screams as he is kicked off the bus, followed by GIR who grunts as he hits the ground and bounces.

Zim: Fine! I don't need your bus! I will use the power of your sun to find my way!

Bus driver: Weirdo. (snort)

GIR: Are we gonna ride the sun home?

Zim: No, GIR. I can use the Earth's sun to determine which direction is west. The Earth's sun always sets in the west. Now watch me amaze you!

Zim stares into the Sun.

Zim: Hmmm, emmm, mmmm.

Zim's eyes start smoking. They begin to bubble up and fry.

Zim: Wait a minute... I'M BLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIND!!!!!!!!

Zim starts running around.

Zim: AAAH! NO! HELP! NO!

Zim continues screaming as GIR squeals happily, running after Zim.

Zim: No! GIR! I think they booby-trapped their sun somehow!

Zim runs into a wall and slides down it, moaning. His eyes are still smoking and bubbled over.

Zim: A minor setback, GIR. We'll be home in no time. I'll just wait until the skin grows back on my eyeballs!

It goes from daylight to night. Zim wakes up and rubs his eyes which are now back to normal.

Zim: GIR! I can see! I can see! Now we can figure out how to escape this filthy place.

GIR wiggles around, asleep, and makes funny noises. He wiggles his tongue.

Maurice Morgan: Get a job, ya bum!

Zim: That's it! If we can find a job, we can make money. With this money, we can ride the bus! I'm going to beat you, city! You won't make a fool of this Irken invader!

In the park, Flan watches a man eat a snake. A man plays a guitar, a hobo holds a sign that says "will stop screaming for food", a person spins around on a mat, a man has bees all over his face, and a man juggles. Zim's hat lies on the ground, and people put change into it. Zim acts like a mime, and GIR acts like a windup toy. GIR rotates slowly, and then spins around. A pale-faced man wearing the same clothes as Zim and holding a bag of stolen money peeks his head through the crowd. He stares slack-jawed, as Zim does what resembles a karate move. The man smiles. He approaches and puts some money in the hat.

The bus driver opens the bus door and sees GIR and Zim waiting there, Zim holding the hat full of money.

GIR: I'm gonna eat a rat!

The bus driver raises an eyebrow. Zim dumps the contents of the hat into the change bin and begins walking towards the seats.

Zim: Finally, we are heading home!

The bus goes forward a couple of feet but then gets caught in a traffic jam. Traffic is at a standstill along the entire street. Zim and GIR walk along the aisles.

GIR: I smell dooky!

They take a seat facing an old crying woman with a drooling baby on her lap. Zim gasps and looks to GIR, who smiles, makes a funny noise, and closes his eyes. Zim looks worried and looks back at the baby, who now has an evil look on his face. Zim gets more worried and looks back to GIR, who smiles, closes his eyes, and makes a funny noise. Zim looks back at the mean looking baby. Zim starts sweating. He looks back at GIR, who smiles, closes his eyes, and makes a funny noise. Zim looks out the window, where he sees a man call for a taxi cab. The man gets in the cab and the cab drives along the sidewalk to avoid the traffic. Zim looks around. He sees Carol Milican picking her nose. He sees a drooling man, and a mean-looking baby. He sees an old man with flies on him. He sees a frowning clown, who has a chicken leg in his hair. He sees the an old woman wiping her eyes, then looks back at the old man with the flies again and then back at Carol Milican, who continues to pick her nose. Then he looks at GIR who smiles, closes his eyes, and makes a funny noise.

Zim: I cannot stay on this bus any longer!

The bus drives away, leaving Zim and GIR on the sidewalk.

Clown: Freeeeeak.

Zim: What is wrong with these people!?! This place is just begging to be destroyed!

GIR: Woo! I like destroying!

GIR kicks a can of Poop-brand soda.

Zim: GIR! I have a plan!

Zim looks at the taller buildings.

Zim: Ocular implants are standard Invader issue. From the top of that building my incredible eyes (echo) should be able to spot our neighborhood. Come on!

GIR: 'Kay.

As they cross the street, a man with an ice cream cart passes by.

Ice cream man: Ice cream, ugh, somebody buy it. OH! Ice cream, I got ice cream here.

As Zim approaches the bank entrance, police cars pull up to the building. Inside, a woman talks to the police. The bank entrance is open but police lines stop people from entering. Zim and GIR walk under the police line. Zim sees the sign that says 'stairs' and smiles. They proceed towards the stair when the bank teller screams.

Bank teller: OOOOOH!!! It's him!

Officer Prambly looks at a picture from the security cam of the man seen earlier who was dressed like Zim with a bag of stolen money. He lowers the photo and looks at Zim.

Officer Pambrey: Hey, that's the guy! And he's back for mooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooore! (brief pause) Get 'im!

Zim screams as the police start running after him. He runs to the door that leads to the stairs. He starts climbing the stairs when his arachnid robot legs come out of his PAK and help him go faster. He picks up GIR and carries him along. They make it to the roof. They both scream as Zim jumps off the roof but uses the spider legs to cling onto the ledge. GIR makes a triumphant noise.

Zim: Okay, now, where do we go from here?

Zim looks from building to building and settles on a spot.

Zim: There! That looks about right. Now, GIR, use your jets to fly us home.

A helicopter hovers in front of where Zim and GIR are, shining lights on them.

GIR: Yessir!

GIR's jets activate and Zim's arachnid robo legs retract into his backpack. Zim rides on GIR and GIR squeals as he dodges a net that the police helicopter drops. They swerve around the helicopter and when it is out of sight, GIR's jets start to go out. Zim gasps and they scream as GIR heads on a crash course into an alleyway. They land in a dumpster, scaring a dog away. Zim crawls out of the dumpster and GIR lifts his head up, with an empty box of Krispy O's on his head.

Zim: What happened!?! How did you run out of fuel that quickly!?!

GIR knocks the empty cereal box off his head.

GIR: I emptied it out.

Zim: Emptied it? Why!?!

GIR hops out of the dumpster.

GIR: To make room for the TOO-NAA!!

GIR pops off one of his feet and starts sucking tuna sloppily from his open leg. Zim cringes.

Zim: Okay. Hey!

A taxi pulls over and Zim and GIR enter. The cab driver, Ron Jeremy, coughs.

Ron: Where to?

Zim: You think I won't be ready, but you're wrong, presumptuous cab beast! I have prepared myself for this moment, and it is paid off in full! You see, the Invaders learn from their mistakes, however rare they may be! Now, human, take me to... that way!

Zim points to his right.

Zim: And quickly! In case you haven't noticed, I've been trying to go home!

The cab drives off. It turn from night to day. Cut to Mexico. A dead pig is in a store window. Some piñatas hang from the ceiling. Two rats dance with each other. A butcher with a rose in his mouth dances. A little girl holds a plate of something that says 'FEO' (meaning ugly in Spanish) on it. The cab drops Zim and GIR off here. Zim looks very disgruntled, but GIR dances. The shop says 'Carne' (meaning meat) on it.


Alien spacecrafts hover above the city. Some of the buildings are already damaged and smoke rises from some place. One ship shoots a red laser at a car, flipping the car into the air. A scientist watches the attack from a window. He runs over to a table where some more scientists are sitting.

Scientist 1: What are we going to do? In only a matter of hours the alien scourge will bring the human race to its knees!

Scientist 2: I know! Let's build a giant space station, evacuate all the people, and live among the stars!

Scientist 1: There's not enough time for that!

Scientist 2: Can we build a small station and just evacuate all the scientists?

The scientists grin approvingly. The sound of a woman clearing her throat is heard. The scientists glance to where a female scientist is standing along with an insectoid alien in a tube. The alien growls. The scientists gasp.

Female Scientist: Allow me to make a demonstration.

The female scientist pulls out a pepper shaker.

Scientist 2: Right! We'll destroy them with pepper!

The female scientist stares for a long time. She then pours some pepper into her hand. She lifts the pepper up to her nose and inhales. She starts breathing heavily as she is about to sneeze. The alien in the tube lifts its head up. The female scientist grabs a mouthpiece that is connected to a tubing that links to the tube that the alien is encased in. She sneezes into the mouthpiece and a large bulge of snot moves through the tubing. It sprays on the alien. The alien shrieks and wriggles around. It swells up and then explodes.

Female scientist: The aliens are allergic... to GERMS!

She uses a pointer to point to the word 'GERMS' written on a chalkboard. On an open plain, some soldiers march up to where giant versions of the alien that was in the tube loom. More of the alien spacecraft hover above them. The soldiers sneeze on the aliens, which begin exploding. The camera zooms up to a flag that has the Earth on it and displays the words "HOORAY FOR EARTH". We see that this has all been a movie playing on the television in Zim's living room, where Zim and GIR sit and watch. The words "THE END" appear.

GIR: Hooray for Earth!

Zim: GIR! Earth is our enemy!

GIR: I understand.

Zim: Stupid human propaganda! The very concept of a superior alien species being felled by something as pathetic as...germs... is sheer fantasy! Do they really believe that could happen?

Zim starts laughing, and GIR joins in. Zim abruptly stops, but GIR continues giggling as Zim scampers away. GIR hesitates for a second, and then bursts out laughing.

The scene cuts to Zim sitting at a chair in his lab learning about germs from his computer.

Computer: Trying to conquer an alien world? Remember, never underestimate the small threats... like GERMS!

The word 'Germs' flashes on the monitor.

Computer: Yes, germs. Every planet has them, and many an invading life form has been thwarted by these invisible enemies.

Zim gasps.

Zim: It's true!

Computer: So whether you are out conquering worlds or are just concerned about these tiny pests, make sure you're prepared with a pair of germ-spotting microgoggles.

A rotating 3-D model of the microgoggles is seen in the monitor.

Computer: Click here for a free five-second demo.

Zim pushes his finger up to a little symbol on the monitor. Elevator music plays. A panel next to the monitor lifts up and light pours from the ceiling onto it. A laser creates a wire frame of the goggles then goes for them again to make them solid.

Zim: Oooh, neat!

Zim puts on the goggles.

Zim: Now, let's see this mighty human threat!

Zim turns around in his chair.

Computer: Demo mode activated.

From Zim's view, we see large blotches of germs all over the lab. Zim screams as he looks at all the germs in the lab. Zim takes a breath and screams even more. The microgoggles fade and disappear. Zim cowers in his chair, whimpering.

Computer: Wasn't that neat? Thank you for trying microgoggles. If you like what you saw, please order the full version.

Zim, still shaking, turns around in his chair and presses the goggles on the screen.

Computer: Thank you. Please wait for delivery.

Cut to a planet sized metal sphere lined with tiny cannon like openings. The Irken symbol appears at the bottom of the screen along with the words 'Planet Callnowia.' Zoom in on Callnowia until the camera view goes through one of the cannon openings. The inside is pretty much all wires and machinery. A mechanical extending prod thing comes out of an oven looking thing with a product attached to it and loads it into a tube. It is shot out of one of the cannons into space.

We see it is a rock, and it is headed for Earth. It falls down and bounces on Zim's walkway, cracking it as it goes along. It stops at Zim's door. The top opens up and a mechanical hand lifts out and rings the doorbell. The rock cracks open and shatters into many bits revealing a package inside.

The door opens and Zim, who is out of disguise, carefully peers out and grabs the package with napkins over his gloves to ensure clean hands. Zim opens the box and pulls out the microgoggles, putting them on. He screams some more now that he sees the germs once again. He begins to have a panic attack and loses balance.

Zim: So... much... filth!

Zim walks very carefully over towards the kitchen. The front door opens and GIR, out of disguise, stands in the doorway holding a mud-covered pig above his head.

GIR: Let's go to my room, pig!

GIR goes off somewhere. Zim walks back into the living room wearing the microgoggles and holding a bucket of soapy water and a mop, and a can of germs spray.

Zim: I never even suspected that the battle for the planet would ever take place in my own fortress! Hear me now, germs! Prepare yourselves for destruction!

Zim starts spraying with the can of germ spray. Zim scrubs the floor and mops the couch. Robotic arms come down from the ceiling holding mops, scrubbers, and germ spray cans. They start working away at the house. Zim scrubs away in the kitchen. Zim stands on the toilet. His microgoggles show no germs. Zim inhales.

Zim: Ah. The stink of clean!

The microgoggles zoom into a place between the tiles where a single germ squirms about. Zim screams. He hops down and crawls to the tiles where the germ is and starts spraying with his germ spray can.

Germ: Oh...ick!

The tiny germ coughs and gags as Zim sprays it.

Germ: *reaching to the skyWHY? WHY? falls over*

Zim continues spraying.

Zim: Another win for the Irken army! Clean lemony fresh victory is mine!

The sound of the door opening is heard. GIR, in disguise, stands at the door, waving.

GIR: Alright, see you later, pig!

The sound of oinking and a motorcycle driving off is heard. The door shuts, and GIR stands there. From Zim's microgoggle view, germs start pouring out from the place where GIR is standing. They start to cover more and more of the floor.

GIR: I'm gonna roll around the floor for a little bit, kay?

GIR leaps up. He hums as he starts rolling around the floor. He spins around from his spot on the floor, creating a puddle of germs.

Zim: GIR, what are you doing? Stop immediately! You're disgusting!

GIR: Aw, somebody needs a hug!

Zim: No, no, no, no, NO GIR NO!

GIR walks towards him, covered with germs. GIR opens his mouth wide and food drips from his mouth.

GIR: I'm gonna hug you!

Zim: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!

Zim runs out of the door. He is out of disguise and wearing the microgoggles. Zim looks back towards the house and screams. He starts spraying with his germ spray.

Zim: The enemy...regrouping! Worse...than I thought!

Zim starts scuttling about, spraying the ground. Across the street, a legless neighbor watches as Zim squeals and scuttles around. The neighbor raises his eyebrows.

Neighbor: Mmmm hmmmm....

Zim looks down and sees he is surrounded. He sprays the ground in front of him and steps where he sprayed. He does this over and over until he reaches the house. He opens the door and goes inside, shutting the door behind him.

GIR: I still got a hug in me!

Zim screams again. The neighbor frowns. A lawn gnome in Zim's yard lowers into the ground and a tree pops up, replacing it. GIR, in disguise, is tied to a rope which is tied to the tree. GIR is suspended above the ground by the rope, but it slides down so GIR can reach the ground.

GIR starts running around the tree until he reaches the end of his rope and falls to the ground. He gets back up and starts running around the tree in the opposite direction. In Zim's lab, Zim now wears a germ-safe suit, which includes a shower cap, the microgoggles, suspenders, rubber gloves over his own gloves, and tissue boxes on his feet. Zim sprays with his germ spray can in random directions.

Zim: Not gonna get me. Germs, chewing my squeedly spooch. Not my squeedly spooch, you don't. What about the mission? What about the mission? I should report in, but, the germs. Explody germs. So many germs. The mission! The mission. I have a job to do! I am an invader! I can't let these germs make me lose sight of the bigger MISSION! The skool! The skool will know I've been missing! They must be really suspicious by now!

Cut to Ms. Bitters' class.

Chunk: Hey, where's Zim?

Mongo Slunchy: Hmmm? I dunno.

Cut back to Zim.

Zim: And I haven't reported to the Tallest in too long! They will be worried about me! Mustn't alarm them!

Cut to the Massive

Computer: Incoming report from Earth.

The Almighty Tallest groan. Almighty Tallest Red sits on a couch while Almighty Tallest Purple stands.

Purple: Zim. You know we really should've given him a mission on a sun or a planet of broken glass or something...

Red: Or one of those exploding head planets.

Purple: (Answering transmission) Yes, what is it now, Zim?

A monitor screen fades into a view of Zim in his lab in full germ-free suit. Zim salutes.

Zim: Sirs. I apologize for not reporting in, but- Excuse me.

Zim runs out of view. The sound of Zim spraying with his germ spray can is heard. He pops back into view.

Zim: All is going well, nothing too big to report aside from the usual- Ah! Would you look at the size of that one!

Zim sprays with his germ spray can, emptying it out.

Zim: No! No! I'm almost out of disinfectant! All hope will be lost if I don't get more! Never! MMAHA! But, I'm not giving up! I'LL DESTROY YOU! And you, and you, AND YOU!

The transmission goes into static.

Purple: Did that scare you too?

Red nods.

Cut to Zim's front lawn.

GIR is still running around the tree. He runs out of rope again and it gags him. He starts running around in the opposite direction when the front door opens. Zim walks out, in his full germ-free suit and holding a can of germ spray.

Zim: GIR!

GIR stops running and looks at Zim.

Zim: Pay attention, GIR. We have to go to the store to pick up some more cleaning things. I need as much as I can get, so you'll have to help me carry stuff.

Zim sprays GIR in the face. One of GIR's eyes twitches. Zim makes a disgusted groan.

Zim: You're still so germy! But it'll have to do.

Zim unhooks the rope attaching GIR to the tree and puts him on a leash.

Zim: I need to save some of this for the trip. Come, GIR!

Zim and GIR start walking down the sidewalk. When they reach the store, it is dusk. The store is just called 'STORE' and it says '24/7' on it.

GIR: Look, there it is.

GIR tries walking past the store, but the leash stops him. GIR turns around and sees Zim spraying the germ spray, but only the last little fizzle is coming out. GIR snatches the can from Zim.

GIR: Lemme try.

Zim: No GIR! The germs!

GIR shakes up the germ spray can. He gets distracted when he hears the sound of a cow being butchered. He looks across the street and sees a fast food restaurant, Mac Meaties. Mac Meaties looks like meat heaven as the top half looks like it is made of meat and ribs. GIR runs across the street to Mac Meaties, still holding the germ spray.

Zim: My germ spray! GIR! COME BACK!

Zim stops in the middle of the street and eventually runs to MacMeaties. A snorting pig can be heard. Zim walks in and sees germs everywhere. He sees John Fountain, who is sitting at a booth, scoop food into his mouth. Zim's microgoggles zoom in on John's mouth as he chews. He looks over to where a woman kisses a giant germ sitting in a baby seat. The microgoggles zoom in on her lips as she kisses it. Zim backs up and bumps into a lady.

Lady: Are you next in line?

Zim gasps and slowly backs away from the lady.

Zim: Horror...

Zim backs up into GIR.

Zim: GIR! The disinfectant! Where is it?

GIR: Oh, I lost it.

GIR reaches behind his back and pulls out a large dripping burger.

GIR: Wanna bite!

Zim jumps under a table, but then peeks his head out.

Zim: Wait a minute!

GIR licks the hamburger, Zim snatches it from GIR.

Zim: There are no germs on this thing!

Zim lifts up the top bun. The microgoggles scan the burger for germs.

Zim: Completely germ free!

The word 'CLEAN' flashes in the microgoggles. Zim goes to a booth where Jhonen Vasquez and Steve Ressel sit with the storyboards for the first episode of Zim, each of the holding a burger. Jhonen offers Zim his burger. Zim lifts up the top bun of Jhonen's burger and peeks inside.

Zim: How is this possible?

Zim lifts up the top bun of Steve's hamburger and peers inside.

Zim: How can this be?

Zim jumps onto the ceiling and then lands on the counter in front of an old man working at the cash register. Zim points at the man.

Zim: You! Burger lord! How is it that this meat is so pure, so perfect?

Burgerlord: Well, it all started in 1962...

The burger lord has a flashback. We see a rocket blast off into space.

Burgerlord: Utilizing advances in modern food synthesis, scientists at NASA began work on a germ hostile space meat-

As burger lord says 'space meat,' his face appears along with a meat patty, but disappears right after that. 'Space Meat' is echoed. The rocket opens up revealing a probe.

Burgerlord: -to be used during long expeditions into deep space!

As burger lord says 'deep space,' his face appears. The words 'deep space' are echoed. Scientists are seen sending volts of electricity into a patty of space meat.

Burgerlord: Only recently has their hard work paid off.

A scientist fiddles with a burger from behind a wall by sticking his hands through two openings into gloves.

Burgerlord: As even more advances in the field of space meat have been made and applied to what is now called "Operation Meat".

Burgerlord's head appears when he says 'space meat.' Both 'space meat' and 'meat' are echoed. A building is seen. A chart shows lost profits, which is a plummeting line graph. Angry customers are shown by the graph.

Burgerlord: Seeing this as a way to end their streak of being sued by angry costumers poisoned by their burgers, the Mac Meaties corporation decided to try this miraculous space meat.

The words 'space meat' are echoed. The flashback ends.

Burgerlord: Not having access to that technology, we make ours out of napkins.

The word 'napkins' is echoed. Burger lord motions to a bin full of used napkins.

Zim: Ingenious. This gives me an idea, greasy burger man. Yes! A way around the germs! A way I can resume my mission and deal with the germ enemy without bringing any attention to myself! Yes, yes! The answer is in the meat!

Zim grabs burger lord by his dog tags.

Zim: Give me all the meat!

Cut to Ms. Bitters' class. The students are talking when Zim walks in, wearing his disguise, but also covered in dripping meat armor.

Zim: How ya doin'?

Ms. Bitters and the students stare.


Episode starts in a skool classroom and the words DARK HARVEST appear. Scene goes through science room with bones, organs, and posters, then shows a jar with purple liquid and Fillerbunny in it. A teacher picks the jar up and places it on the windowsill. A red dodge ball breaks through the window and shatters the jar. The teacher looks mad. Happy music plays as skool children pass a red dodge ball to each other. It gets to one fat guy who throws it hard at Zootch.

Zootch: (hit by the dodge ball) Ugh! My organs! (doubles over in pain)

Zim: Rhahaha! Inferior (points at Zootch) human organs!

The ball is thrown at Zim. He spits and falls over too.

Zim: Oh, my squeedilyspooch! (holds his squeedilyspooch)

The scene cuts to Gaz, playing a pocket-sized video game on a bench.

Dib: Squeedlyspooch? Did you hear that, Gaz? That's no human organ. Humans don't have squeedilyspooches!

Gaz: I've got a squeedilyspooch.

Dib: If only I had some way of looking inside his body...

Truck pulls up and a delivery man walks out.

Guy: I'm looking for a ....Mr. Dib? (looks at his clipboard)

Dib: That's me! (takes package and signs his name) It's my personal ex-scope! I ordered it from the back (takes out ex-scope) of Crop Circles Magazine.

Gaz: You had it delivered to skool?

Zim: (as Dib is observing Zim) Hey! Throw it over here you filthy stinking friends. (ex-scope shows ZIM's squeedilyspooch which is unknown)

Dib: Incredible! (Zim is heard yelling "HEY HEY HEY!" over and over) You see Gaz, to defeat my enemy I must study my enemy, then become my enemy, then move in with my enemy, then wear my enemy's clothes (Zim yells "I AM ZIM!!!" in the background) then-

Gaz: You're in my light.

Cuts back to the Ms. Bitters' classroom where the words "BUBONIC PLAGUE" are written on the board.

Ms. Bitters: So you see, Ring Around the Rosie refers to the horrible symptoms of a (pigeon flies in) terrifying disease. A disease which--- (pigeon coos and lands on Zim's head) a disease which (bird coos again) Zim!

Zim: SIR!

Ms. Bitters: There's a pigeon on your head. You've got head pigeons. Get to the nurse before they spread to the other children.

Zim: Yes Ms. Bitters. (Walks towards door with pigeon still on his head.)

Ms. Bitters: No leaving the class without a hall pass, Zim.

Zim: Of course! (Walks over to Ms Bitters' desk and gets a collar hall pass.)

Ms. Bitters: If you leave skool grounds, (puts the collar around Zim's neck) it will explode. (The collar shrinks around Zim's neck. Dib is seen with an evil expression on his face)

Dib: You know Zim, when the nurse examines you, she'll notice that you don't have human organs. Then it's just a short step to a hospital and from there to an alien autopsy table and then you're just another segment on "Mysterious Mysteries"!

Zim: I'll be fine. I bet my squeedilyspooch on it.

Zim walks into the hallway and the many doors are shown: Biology, Chemistry, Taxidermy, Detention, Physics, Science, and Nurse. Zim heads towards Nurse but looks in biology room. He sees the health-biology teacher teaching a lesson and showing a guy with human organs. Zim looks back and forth from the teacher's anatomy chart to his own body. A worried expression appears on his face.

Hall Monitor: Hey. Where's your hall pass?

Zim: Say, you're full of organs, aren't you?

Hall Monitor: (looks at his torso) Why yes, yes I am.

Zim: And you wouldn't notice if you were, say missing a few?

Hall Monitor: (thinks for a second) Probably not.

Zim: (starts laughing evilly)

Hall Monitor starts laughing with Zim.

Zim reaches for his PAK and takes out something, an organ harvester.

Hall Monitor is screaming in pain and his shadow is shown. Hall Monitor walks around corner, looking pale and green and has his security glass on his eye as he walks. Zooms in on his belly button, goes pretty much all the way into his body and shows the exploding bomb collar hall pass, which is still beeping.

Ms. Bitters: And then the rats came for them. Thousands of them, dirty (shows Dib drawing a picture of Zim in a hospital cut open and a nurse finding out that he's an alien.) Dirty rats. (Dib looks over to Zim's empty desk) And these weren't the cuddly kind of rats (Dib breaks pencil) you get in today's sewers. (Dib raises his hand)

Dib: Ms. Bitters, I think a pencil is lodged in my brain? (Pencil is up his nose) Can I go to the nurse?

Ms. Bitters: How far in your brain?

Dib: (looks at his nose) Pretty far.

Ms. Bitters: Alright. Take the auxiliary hall pass.

Shows large radiator with the words "HALL PASS" spray-painted on it in neon green.

In the nurse's office, directional signs saying "Colds", "Flu", "Head Wounds", "Radiation Burns", and "Wedgie Burns" are posted on a wall next to a semicircle of different doors. Coughing is heard and then a scream is heard. A bored-looking secretary shakes a mooing can toy at her desk. A "moo" is heard. Dib drags the hall pass to her desk. Another cough is heard.

Dib: I'm looking for the pigeon-head kid.

Secretary: (shakes the can again, another "moo" sound) Nobody's come in with head pigeons, young man.

At the secretary's point of view. She shakes the can again, blocking Dib from sight. Another "moo" is heard. Dib shifts to his left to be seen.

Dib: Zim?

The secretary shakes the can again, blocking DIb from view. Another "moo" is heard. Dib shifts back.

Dib: The green kid...

Secretary: Oh, the green child! (points to Hall Monitor, who is sitting in a chair across the room) He's right over there doubled over in pain.

Hall Monitor holds his stomach, pale green and shivering violently.

Hall Monitor: The cooing... (shivers and makes a gagging sound) The cooing!

Secretary: He's missing his liver. That's how some kids react to the cafeteria food... The lucky ones...

Another gagging sound is heard and the secretary goes back to shaking her mooing can; another "moo" is heard. Dib faces Hall Monitor and flips his ex-scope over his eyes. Two red lines meet in the lens of his goggles. Through his scope, Hall Monitor's skeleton and organs are visible with the words "Organ I.D." above him and some symbols on either side of his lens. Dib zooms in and the beeping collar is visible inside Hall Monitor. Hall Monitor gasps in pain. Dib zooms out and flips his ex-scope out of his eyes.

Dib: No! It's Zim! It has to be. He's stealing organs and replacing them with... stuff. He must be stopped!

Secretary: Don't forget the your pass!

The secretary shakes her mooing can, emitting another "moo" sound.

Dib: Right...

Dib noisily pushes his Hall Pass away. The camera shifts to a vent above the secretary's head. A close-up on a corner of the vent, where a screw is unscrewed and falls to the ground. From inside the vent from Zim's perspective, he lifts the vent cover away. The camera shows the secretary shaking her mooing can; it "moos" twice. A dome-like machine descends, stopping above the secretary's head. The secretary frowns and looks inquiringly at the can. Purple lightning zaps the secretary's head and a zap sound is heard. The secretary's brain is now in the dome. The secretary, her expression unchanged, drops the mooing can; it "moos" as it falls to the ground. The dome rises, then descends with a can of Poop soda. Another zap and the secretary's eyes go wide. She becomes pale and a phone rings. The secretary picks up the phone, opens her mouth to talk, and begins foaming from the mouth. The scene changes to Dib dragging his auxiliary hall pass down a hallway.

Dib: Must... warn... others... (looks around as the sound of pigeons cooing echoes through the vents) Zim? (more cooing) Zim? (to himself) Do not show fear. (stands taller) This is me without fear... and a sixty-two pound hall pass.

Dib continues struggling to drag the hall pass down the hall. Shift to Zim, who lifts the cover off a vent above Dib. Dib stops under the vent. The dome device lowers above Dib's head. The skool bell rings and children slam the door into Dib as they file out of a classroom, pushing him to the ground and bending the organ harvester dome sideways. A pig snorting is heard.

Dib: (reaching an arm up from the ground as kids walk past him) Hey! Wait! Your organs! In danger!

As Dib gets up, he hears a zapping sound. He turns and sees Spoon whose body is in the shape of Dib's radiator hall pass.

Spoon: I don't feel so good.

Spoon collapses onto his back.

Dib: The hall pass!

In the cafeteria, Dib peeks through the doorway. He sees Chunk green, whimpering, and rubbing his stomach. He falls over. Two kids (one of them is Rob) with trays of food walk into each other and collapse. A kid leans against a trashcan, his arm clutching his stomach in the background. Zoom in on the unknown kid who gurgles. Shift to the whole cafeteria, where all of the kids are pale green and slumped over on the tables.

Dib: Look at them...

Dib looks over at a sign that says "TODAYS MEAL" to which a post-it note saying "MAYONNAISE AND CORN" is tacked.

Dib: ...And it's not even ketchup and rice day...

Shift over to Gaz, who is twisted sideways. A kid near her squeals like a pig.

Dib: Gaz!

Dib runs over to Gaz. Gaz is looking intently at a lit-up square in her abdomen and poking her belly.

Gaz: Don't bother me, Dib. I'm in the zone.

She continues poking her belly. Sounds of lasers and explosions come from her. Dib looks confused. He puts on his ex-scope. He turns the knobs over his ears and two lines of light meet in the center of Dib's lens. From Dib's view, Gaz's skeleton and organs are visible. He zooms in on her lower abdomen. There is a video game inside her in place of an organ and she is playing it. Dib gasps, then cringes. He looks up at another table, at which Melvin, Gretchen, and Tae are seated. He zooms in on each of them: Tae has a ruler instead of a spine, Gretchen has a remote control instead of a stomach, and Melvin has an alarm clock instead of a heart. He looks over at another table seating Penny and Carl. Carl has a carton of milk for a central organ and Penny has a cat inside her. Dib looks to the left and sees a mass of organs. A list scrolls by on the side of his lens reading "Brain, Stomach, Intestines, Colon, Spine, Tonsils, Heart, Appendix, Kidney, Liver". Dib gasps and flips his visor up. Zim is sitting at a table with a pigeon on his head, looking obese from the stolen organs and drooling slightly. Dib runs over to him angrily.

Dib: That's it, Zim! This has to stop!

When Zim talks, organs are visible in his mouth. A snorting sound is heard in the background.

Zim: I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about.

Dib: (gesturing at Zim) Look at you! You've gone too far! You're a hideous blob of stolen organs!

Zim: I've been working out.

Zim's cheeks bulge and he spits up a long, intestine-like organ. He gags and chokes for a bit, then smiles, relieved. He blanches, then sucks up the intestines like spaghetti and smiles. The intestines are still curled up in his mouth and he drools even more.

Dib: You think you can fool a trained medical professional?

Zim: Yes.

Dib: I suppose you've got a heart in there...

Zim: Six of 'em.

Dib: Intestines.

Zim: Large or small?

Dib: Spleen?

Zim: In three different colors.

Dib: What about lungs?

Zim opens his mouth to speak, then stops, thinking. His eyes go wide. The pigeon on his head coos. Two arms come out of his Pak and go into a vent above him. They carry him up and out of sight.

Dib: You won't find lungs on my watch, Zim!

Dib looks around and sees Torque Smacky eating peas with one hand and lifting a weight with his other, looking healthy. Dib runs over to him.

Dib: You! You look like you still got all your organs!

Torque touches his own chest. Squishy sounds are heard.

Torque: Yeah. So?

Dib: You're in danger! Come with me!

Torque: (sighs) I have to go lift things...

Dib: D-um, then I'll come with you.

Torque lifts his hand weight while walking down the hallway while Dib runs behind him.

Dib: And he wants to destroy us all. Now I know you think I'm crazy, but you'll thank me... (yells) You'll all thank me!

Dib looks over and sees Carl half-carrying, half-dragging Matthew P. Mathers III down the hallway. Dib looks at them sadly, then hurries after Torque. He runs ahead of him and looks into classrooms and crevices as they walk.

Dib: Aliens are kind of a hobby of mine. Well, more like a way of life, really...

Torque: (as Dib searches) Man, you're creepin' me out...

Zoom in on a vent above Torque as he walks past where a Pak leg lifts the cover off.

Dib: I have vague memories of being taken on board an alien ship as a baby.

Behind Dib, a Pak leg reaches out and grabs Torque, lifting him away. Dib continues walking and talking, oblivious.

Dib: And I'm not sure, but I think they were doing tests on me... Trying to create some kind of genius super-baby perhaps...

Something lights up behind Dib and the sound of something being powered up is heard. Dib turns and sees that the light is coming from a room. He runs to it. The light shuts off. Dib peers in the room.

Dib: Torque? (he slowly enters the room) Torque Smackey, is that you?

Dib turns on the light switch and walks through what seems to be a science closet. Jars with eyeballs and other unidentified substances are on a shelf by the wall. There are statues of birds of prey and a human and many boxes. Dib looks at some jars with things floating in them. He walks past a human skeleton, sees it, flinches, and realizes it is a model of a skeleton for display in schools. He continues walking.

Dib: Come on, man. Talk to me... Let me know you're still here!

Dib walks past a screen that shows his skeleton and organs. After Dib passes, a grinning Zim descends by two PAK legs, his body stuffed with organs visible through the x-ray screen. Once he reaches the ground, all four Pak legs launch him after Dib, feathers from his pigeon falling behind. Dib keeps wandering around the room. He hears Torque's hand weight fall behind him. He looks at it, gasps, and looks up. Cooing comes from an open vent.

Dib: (screaming in grief) TORQUE SMACKEEEE!

A PAK leg reaches over and turns out the light switch. Dib looks over. Zoom in on a Woolly Mammoth statue. Dib looks the other way. Zoom in on a statue of five birds of prey on a perch. Close up on Dib's face.

Dib: NOOOOOOO!

Quick shots of the Mammoth, the open vent, the birds of prey, and some toxic waste barrels. Dib crashes through some toxic waste barrels and backs up slowly. He hits a bird of prey statue and feathers fall. He backs up and trips over a box of papers. He runs and exits the closet. When the door opens, the light is cast on a grinning Zim, and then a shadow is cast. The light is cast on the same spot again but Zim is gone. Dib runs down the hallway and ceiling tiles fall off behind him (it is assumed that Zim is following in the air vent). Ceiling tiles fall off faster and faster as Zim gains on Dib. Dib looks back as he reaches a wall. He turns and runs the other way, sliding under a rail to another landing. Dib looks up and cooing is heard as the camera zooms in on the ceiling, then a vent, then a ceiling vent next to it, then a third vent. Feathers come out of the third vent. Dib covers his ears, then runs to a door marked "STAFF ONLY". He goes inside and as the door closes, the camera shows another sign that says "BOILER ROOM". Dib runs down a spiral staircase, steam flooding the air next to him. He runs over a wire bridge and under a machine that spits out more steam. Dib keeps running down the bridge. Through the fog, obese Zim slowly descends, blocking Dib's path. Dib stops.

Dib: NOOOOOO!

Zim raises himself higher with the PAK legs, grins widely, then raises his organ harvester. There is a white flash and Dib is still screaming. The screen goes black and Dib stops screaming.

In the nurse's office, Zim sits next to Dib. Both have thermometers in their mouths. Zim is still drooling and there is still a pigeon on his head. A sign behind them has a red cross and reads "WE NEED YOUR BLOOD". Dib opens his mouth and emits a mooing sound.

Ms. Bitters: (pointing at Zim) That one has head pigeons. The other one is just annoying. Fix it.

The secretary makes a gurgling, moaning sound and foam spills from her mouth.

Dib: (weakly) Your stupid plan won't work, Zim. (inhales and moos) You'll never pull this off. (exhales and moos again)

Zim: (with a mouth full of organs) You speak craziness, Earth boy! More organs means more human. It will work...

A nurse walks up to Zim and Dib. She takes the thermometer out of Zim's mouth and shoos the pigeon off his head.

Nurse: (looks at the thermometer) There! Why, you're one of the healthiest little children I've ever seen! (puts her hands on her knees) And such plentiful organs! (Zim smiles triumphantly, swings his legs, and looks at Dib)

Nurse: (walks over to Dib) And what's the matter with you, young man?

The nurse takes the thermometer out of Dib's mouth. Dib opens his mouth. From a view at the back of his throat, we see the nurse grab his tongue and Dib close his mouth. She uses a stethoscope to listen to Dib's breathing. Dib inhales, then moos. The nurse blanches, then screams and points at Dib.

Nurse: It isn't human! It's horrible!

Dib: (points weakly at Zim) But, he-

A crowd of people holding cameras and microphones crowd around Dib and take pictures. A newspaper spins to center screen, the top story reading "HIDEOUS MOOING CYBORG BOY FOUND!" with a picture of Dib with hooves and a cow's face.


It is night. A police car drives down a deserted road. The road is on a higher ground than the city, as can be seen with the buildings around the road. The police radio speaks gibberish. The policeman picks up the attachment to the radio that he speaks through and speaks gibberish back. He grunts as he sees two bright lights ahead in the road. He changes lanes, but so do the lights. He changes lanes again, but again the lights mirror his maneuver. The policeman puts an arm over his face as he is about to collide with the lights, but right before they would crash, Zim's Voot Runner lifts over the police car, revealing that it was the source of the lights. The policeman looks back at the Voot Runner and swerves off the road as the policeman screams. The car crashes into a Deelishus Weenie place made to look like a giant hot dog. The cop's airbag goes off as the car hits the top of the giant hot dog. Hot dogs splatter against the cop's windshield. The Voot Runner circles around for a better view. Zim reports his findings into a small recorder that he holds up to his mouth.


Zim: Human law enforcement machine. Markings: lighty-flashy things on top. Defensive capability...


An explosion is heard. Hot dogs hit Zim's windshield and then slide off.


Zim: ...minimal. Explodes on impact with giant meat. Evaluation: PATHETIC! Pathetic Earth vehicle!


Zim laughs maniacally. A light on the Voot Runner control panel flashes. Zim stops mid-laugh.


Zim: Warning? How could that be? Nothing threatens an Irken Voot Runner!


Ahead of Zim, a bee flies through the city towards the Voot Runner.


Zim: Computer, run a diagnostic. You've gone crazy!


Zim screams as he sees the bee headed straight for him. It hits the windshield and the Voot Runner veers out of control, flaming. Zim screams as the Voot Runner spins around. He flaming Voot Runner flies through the city. Zim looks out the windshield and sees the bee, pushed up against it. Zim presses a button on the control panel.


Zim: Eject! EJECT!


The Voot Runner flies past the city into a park. The Voot Runner crashes in the park and comes to a stop after skidding along the ground.


Computer: Eject command initiated.


The windshield opens and Zim is shot out. He skids along the ground, with the bee stuck on his forehead. The bee pops off and hovers around Zim's head. Zim opens one eye and watches as the bee flies away. Zim gets up and spits dirt out of his mouth. He groans and his legs creak as he gets up.


Zim: Ruined. Ruined! Irken engineering reduced to.. this!


Zim looks at the flaming wreckage of the Voot Runner.


Zim: Surely that was no human bee! Once I take care of the humans I will begin my war against...

The scene cuts three times, showing Zim with a furious expression in front of a large fire.

Zim: ...THE BEES.

Zim's communicator extends from his PAK.


Zim: GIR, respond. I need you to send out a tow vehicle to pick up the Voot Runner.


Zim hears nothing but static through the communicator.


Zim: GIR? Hello? GIR, where are you?


Cut to a dance club, where GIR, in his disguise, is dancing with a large group of girls (Including Ami). Cut back to Zim.


Zim: Must be some interference.


Zim's communicator goes back into his PAK.


Zim: Oh well. This place is fairly deserted, well hidden. I should be able to return with the tow vehicle, pick the cruiser up and go. And when the repairs are done...

The background fades to red.

Zim: I shall HUNT DOWN THAT EVIL DEATH BEE!!!


As Zim walks away, a creepy man named Desmond Flapp watches from the top of a ladder. Above him a banner hangs from in between two trees that reads 'UFO convention next week.'


Desmond Flapp: An aaalienn!


He uses a can of spray paint to write the word 'today' over 'next week.' In Zim's neighborhood, Zim criss-crosses across the street, hiding behind objects as he goes as he is not in his disguise. He leaps into his front lawn and hides behind the fence. Then he hides behind a lawn gnome. He makes it inside and walks into the center of the living room.


Zim: Computer, bring me the Voot carrier.


Out of the ceiling, a hovering disk floats down. A bubble-like covering closes over the top of it.


Zim: Hmmm. Computer, disguise the carrier. Something less conspicuous.


Computer: Processing, PROCESSING!


The Voot carrier turns into a bright light. After a brief flash, the Voot carrier becomes a large floating pig.


Zim: *gleeful expression* Why am I so amazing?


It is now morning.


Zim walks along the park sidewalk in the disguise he wore in "Walk of Doom". He holds the pig by a remote control thing that is attached to the pig by a thin wire like a balloon. Perfectly inconspicuous. As he walks, Zim whistles a casual tune.


Zim: This should be a standard recovery operation, pig. We move in, we load the Voot Runner into you and we're out of there. The humans will be none the wiser.


Zim's eyes widen as he walks over a hill and sees that the Voot Runner is on a pedestal surrounded by a crowd of people.


Zim: MY SHIP! In the hands of the enemy! How? How? Who KNOWS what defenses they could devise through reverse-engineering!


Zim moves the pig between some trees and ties it there.


Zim: Stay here, pig. I'll call you in as soon as I can get close enough to the Voot Runner.


Zim runs down to where the crowd is. He pushes his way through.


Zim: WHAT IS THE MEANING OF THIS? Who are you people? What is that... thing... on your head?


Zim points to a man who has a model UFO as a hat. He pushes the man out of the way and runs up to where the Voot Runner is. Right before he reaches it, a large woman named Trudy jumps in his way.


Trudy: Hold it! We are the Children of the Bright and Shining Saucer! We have claimed this downed alien love ship, and want to share it with all humanity! But humanity must prove itself worthy!


Zim: LOVE ship? But that's my... my...


A pig snort is heard. Trudy folds her arms.


Trudy: Your what?


Zim: Uh...my... dream. To become worthy enough to get close to the... "love ship."


Trudy: Wonderful! Our leader is conducting an initiation right now! Starchunk!


Zim: Initiation? FOOLS! There is none so worthy as ZIM! You've no idea what POWERS you are dealing with! NO IDEA AT-


A large hand grabs Zim by the head. Zim gasps as Starchunk lifts him into the air. Cut to the outside of a tent where the initiation can be heard, but not seen. The tent is in a different spot than the convention, and it sounds like the leader is the same guy who saw Zim in the park.


Leader: Now, the final initiation.


Zim: Owie!


Strange noises are heard, thumping and pig-like squeals. Zim screams throughout. When it is finished, Zim stumbles out of the tent, wearing one of the saucer hats. He is very disoriented. Zim staggers down the hill back towards where the crowd of people are.


Zim: Okay, finally.


Zim looks down at where the convention is and sees the Voot Carrier on a pedestal behind the large woman.


Zim: My recovery vehicle!


Trudy: We've just found a number of alien artifacts near the sight. Truly this is a sign!


She motions over to some other pedestals that hold a blender, a boot, and the spooky Chihuahua. The crowd of people make impressed noises. Zim sees the spooky Chihuahua and screams.


Desmond Flapp: It appears to be some form of symbolic greeting! The pig form perhaps represents mankind's...pig-like affinity, for... exploration.


Zim glares at Desmond Flapp. Trudy presses a button on the remote control to the Voot Carrier pig. The pig opens its mouth and bites down on a man standing right in front of it, then hovers in the air, with the man hanging from its mouth.


Man: (muffled because his head is inside the pig) The pig accepts me!


Zim: Fools! You have no possible idea what power you toy with!


Zim jumps up and holds onto Trudy's arms like a cat, trying to get the remote control to the pig from her.


Zim: RELEASE THE PIG!


Trudy: The pig...


She swings her arms, which makes the pig swing with her. The crowd moves out of the way. The man hanging from the pig's mouth screams.


Trudy: ...belongs...


The pig hits the railing and knocks it to the ground.


Trudy: ...to all mankind!


The pig spins around and hits the man hanging from the pig against the ground.


Zim: This is no man-pig!


Zim flips the woman onto her back.


Trudy: Hey!


Zim jumps on her stomach, but his hat, beard and one of his contacts falls off. The crowd gasps. Zim's other contact is hanging by a thread.


Zim: What? What?


His other contact falls away as he twist his head back and forth.


Desmond Flapp: The alien! The one I told you I saw!


Zim: Hmmm? Where?


Zim feels for his fake beard, then rubs the top of his head and feels his antennae. He gags as he realizes his disguise fell off.


Zim: Don't come any closer! Don't try anything on me or I'll... I'll... I'll lay eggs in your stomach! I mean it! NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!


Zim jumps off of Trudy's stomach and she starts to get up. The crowd approaches Zim like a bunch of zombies. Zim has quick flashes of what they will do to him. The first one shows him in a tube with two scientists studying him. The second one shows him strapped to a table being operated on with a fork and scalpel. The third one shows a scientist pulling out his guts. Zim looks up and sees that the Children of the Bright and Shining Saucer have formed a circle around Zim and are bowing to him, chanting the word "alien" over and over. The pig hovers above the crowd with the man still hanging from its mouth.


Desmond Flapp: We are your loving servants, oh wise one!


Zim gasps.


Zim: Stand away, you smell like feet! Leave me alone!


A pimply girl stands up.


Yoa: Fill us with wisdom from another beyond!


Crowd: Yes, fill us!


Zim screams as the crowd closes in on Zim and grabs him. They throw him into the air and catch him, then hold him above their heads and carry him. Zim's communicator extends from his PAK.


Zim: GIR! GIR! ARE YOU THERE GIR? HELP ME!


Cut to Zim's neighborhood. A red car pulls up to Zim's house. The door pops up and GIR (in disguise) hops out, holding a 'SuckMunkey' slushie. Girls (including Ami) stick their heads out of the car and wave, giggling. GIR puts down the SuckMunkey and waves. The car drives away. GIR's antennae pops out from the top of his costume and the dog head folds back, revealing his robot head. The antennae becomes a satellite and it projects a transmission into the air from Zim.


GIR: HI!


Zim: GIR, finally! I need your help! I've been captured!


GIR: Yaaaay!


Zim: No, that's bad, GIR.


GIR: Yaaaay!


Zim: I need you to listen very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very carefully.


GIR sips his SuckMunkey.


GIR: What?


Cut to a large tent where the entire crowd of the Children of the Bright and Shining Saucer stand before Zim. They have put Zim in a chair. They all watch silently. Zim lifts a hand up. The crowd gasps. Zim scratches his back.


Crowd: Ooooooh!


Desmond Flapp: You are the one we've been waiting for! The one foretold in the prophesies, told by... Frank!


Frank Conniff: Yup, told ya he'd come.


A strange-looking man pops out of the crowd holding his foot in the air.


Boll: Bless the corns on my toes!


The crowd lifts their arms in the air and approaches Zim, all of them talking at once. Suddenly, the door to the tent opens and an awkward-looking government man in a suit walks in, obviously mechanical.


Government man: Excuse me, there has been a mistake!


Zim: (lowering his voice) Finally. Come on, GIR!


Desmond Flapp: Who are you!?!


Government man: I am government man, come from the government, the government has sent me.


A view inside government man's head shows GIR (out of disguise) sitting among circuitry and pulling levers. Government man walks over to Zim.


Government man: Ho ho ho! This is not an alien life form! He is an experimental government aircraft!


Zim cringes.


Desmond Flapp: That's an aircraft?


Zim: Fools! What else would I be?


Trudy: What about the floating pig out there?


Government man: That's a government pig!


Government man grabs Zim and holds him under his arms.


Government man: Well, I have to take everything back to the home base now. Buh-bye.


Desmond Flapp: Wait!


Zim and government man make it out of the tent. Zim takes the lead and walks towards the pig.


Zim: Come on, GIR, come on!


Desmond Flapp, Boll, and Trudy come out of the tent behind them.


Desmond Flapp: Excuse me! How do we know he's REALLY a government aircraft? And how do we know you're REALLY with the government?


Zim grabs the remote control to the pig. He presses a button and the pig turns back into the floating disk it originally was. The disk slides under the Voot Runner and becomes a pig again, with the Voot Runner inside of it. The pig hovers over to Zim and Zim climbs on top of it. He grabs two handlebars that have appeared from an opening in the pig's back.


Boll: He still has to bless my toes!


Desmond Flapp: And why should we let you take our discovery?


Government man grabs the leader's face and moves his hands around it.


Government man (with GIR's voice): I like you.


Zim moves the handle bars on the pig and it moves into Government man's back, pushing him forward. His face opens up and GIR falls out.


Trudy: It's a government android!


Desmond Flapp: He's stealing our alien!


Zim: GIR, quickly, ride the pig!


GIR does a flip and lands on the pig and then latches onto the back of Zim's head. As the pig's engine goes, it makes oinking noises. The pig flies off into the forest, almost hitting a saucer moron. The Children of the Bright and Shinning Saucer chase after it, but to no avail. Deeper in the forest, two squirrels chase after each other. They jump out of the way as the pig flies over them. GIR squeels happily. They fly towards a tree and Zim laughs as they narrowly avoid it, making a sharp left. Zim stops laughing as he sees he is headed straight for a fence surrounding a playground. GIR continues laughing. They burst through the fence and swerve around a swing set. The pig hits a slide that Smolga was just about to slide down, ripping off the bottom of the slide. GIR is still laughing. Zim aims the pig directly for a baby who is just standing there and sucking his thumb in a sand box. They almost hit the baby, but Steve Ressel grabs the baby just in time. Steve holds the baby and cries. The pig leaves the playground and skims over a lake. The pig turns over in the water and Zim gets seaweed on his face. He pulls the seaweed off. Zim looks at his reflection as the pig flies over the water. Suddenly, the reflection of one of the saucer morons, Yoa, pops into view.


Yoa: Take me with you! Take me with you!


Zim screams and slaps her right in the face, knocking her off the pig.


Yoa: Come back!


She screams and flips into the lake.


Zim: Faster my pig! Faster!


GIR: Weeeee hoooo!


The pig zooms on and lifts up into a road located on a bridge that goes over the water. The pig swerves to miss cars. Zim heads straight for a skool bus. Zim screams, but the bus swerves out of the way at the last second. The students in the bus scream as the pig passes by. Another car swerves to miss the pig. The pig makes some more vehicles skid out of the way before it goes air born and flies above the city.


Zim: Finally! We are safe, GIR! We're back on track!


The bee that made the Voot Runner crash flies straight for the pig.


Zim: Everything is smooth and-


The bee collides with the pig's eye. The eye bursts from its socket and the pig goes into flames. They scream as the pig goes on a collision course into the city. GIR grabs Zim by his antennae and screams in his face. GIR pulls on Zim's eyelids. The pig crashes into the roof of a convention building. The pig lands right on the stage in front of a packed crowd of witnesses sitting in the audience. Zim gets up, weakly. The pig squeals and smokes.


Audience: Ooooh!


Zim: What?


GIR makes some kind of squeak noise. A banner behind Zim reads 'Alien life: fact or fiction?'



A daily calendar in Ms. Bitters' class reads Wed 7. The classroom is covered in globs of paste. Paste is on the students' desks, on the ceiling, on some of the students, and on the walls. Keef is pasted to the ceiling. Lizard Boy is glued to Brian's desk. Aki's head is stuck to her desk. Spoo drips down from the ceiling.


Ms. Bitters: So, young man, now you see that there's a price to pay for eating paste.


Melvin stands at the front of the class next to Ms. Bitters, paste on his lips.


Ms. Bitters: Would you say that losing the use of your mouth was worth it?


Melvin: Mmm hmmm.


Zim laughs.


Zim: Stupid silent glue boy!


Zim grows worried as he hears the sound of thunder. He glances to the window. Drops of rain hit the glass. Dib pops up from beside Zim's desk.


Dib: What's wrong, Zim? Don't they have rain on your planet?


Zim: Of course! We, oh, such rain we had! Eh, it was delicious!


Lightning strikes the skool. It rains harder. Zim glances around nervously. Dib frowns. The doors to the front of the skool open as skool lets out and kids run out into the rain. Zim steps out of the Skool but stops under a covered area so he doesn't get wet. More and more kids run out, making sheep noises as they run into the rain. Zim sticks a finger out from under his shelter and a drop of rain hits it. Zim screams as his finger starts to sizzle, then smoke. He quickly pulls it back in and covers it with his other hand to stop it from smoking. Zim puts a hand on Billy Slunchy's shoulder as he walks by.


Zim: So, this, rain... is it poisonous?


Billy Slunchy: You're kidding, right?


Billy hollers as he runs out into the rain. Dib stands behind Zim. The children start playing in the rain. They form a circle and start singing a song.


Children (singing): We love rain! We love rain!


Some children, including Torque Smacky and Mary, jump in puddles.


Children (singing): Splash, splash, splash!


Margie and Tae pop out from behind Letty's back.


Children (singing): Fun, fun, fun!


Children hop along, including Zootch and Keef.


Children (singing): Rain, rain, rain!


Children hover in the air, spinning around.


Children (singing): We love rain! We love rain! Splash, splash, splash! Fun, fun, fun!


Students fly through the air making airplane noises including The Letter M and Rob. Gretchen, Penny, and Zita hop into the air.


Children (singing): Rain, rain, rain!


Zootch pops up and makes a DJ scratchy sound as Zim points at him wonderingly. Dib looks at Zim scornfully. Zim frowns. He steps down a step on the Skool stair way, exposing himself to the rain. Matthew P. Mathers III runs by, chasing Smeedge. Zim turns around looking triumphant at Dib, but then he starts to smoke. Zim screams and runs down the stairway out into the open. Dib writes notes down on a piece of paper. Gaz appears behind him, holding an umbrella.


Gaz: I'm leaving with or without you, Dib. Preferably without you.


Dib: Go on, Gaz. I've got work to do. Fate-of-the-world kind of work!


Zim runs by several times, still screaming.


Gaz (feigning interest): Ooh! Can I watch?! (resumes surliness) Wait, no, forget it.


Gaz opens her umbrella. Zim finds shelter from the rain under a tree. He groans thoroughly and looks at the sky in pain. He looks out and sees Gaz walking by, sheltered from the rain by her umbrella. Zim yells a battle cry and runs in front of Gaz. He knocks the umbrella out of her hands and grabs her. Zim lifts Gaz above his head to shelter him from the rain.


Gaz (in deadly voice): If you wanna keep all your limbs, Zim, you will put me down, you will put me down NOW!


It stops raining suddenly. Light peeks through the clouds. Zim holds his hand out, noticing that it's not raining, and puts Gaz down, soaking wet. She walks over to where Zim knocked the umbrella out of her hands. She grabs the umbrella with a crazed look. She drags it over to where Zim is and is about to hit him with it when Dib jumps into a puddle in front of Zim and splashes them both. Dib grins. Gaz is even wetter. Zim gives Dib a threatening look and shrieks as he starts to smoke again. He falls down, into a puddle and squirms around, screaming.


Dib: Oh, I'm sorry, Zim. I meant for that to be a bigger splash!


Gaz gives Dib an angry look.


Dib and Gaz walk home.


Gaz: THAT was your fate of the world work!?! Jumping in a puddle!?! You do realize I'm gonna have to destroy you now.


Dib: It was worth it. Score one for the human race! Score nothing for the Zim... thingy race.


Gaz: I will destroy you.


Dib: You just can't appreciate my strategic masterminding. Now I know that water causes him extreme discomfort and can use this to my advantage.


Zim hides behind a corner up ahead in front of Dib.


Dib: I swear, sometimes even I scare myself with how amazingly I...!


Zim jumps out and screams in Dib's face. Dib falls over into a puddle, splashing Gaz.


Zim: ...How amazingly you can fall into a puddle? I agree.


Dib: Alright, Zim. You wanna play this way, I'll get you back! Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon! Soon, watery vengeance will be mine!


A daily calendar in Ms. Bitters' classroom reads Fri 9.


Ms. Bitters: As punishment for yesterday's paste incident, today will be devoted to having your minds erased!


Ms. Bitters sits in her desk, peeling an onion with a large knife. The words 'Paste: your chance for redemption' are written on the chalk board. Zim, Rob, Matthew P. Mathers III, and Dib sit at an art table at the back of the room. Sara and Spoo sit at another art table next to theirs along with some other students. Zim puts some paste on a piece of paper, but when he puts the paste spreader back into the paste container, some paste splatters on his glove. He feels a little bit of it with his other hand and then pulls out a scanning tool. He scans the paste on his glove, and then he picks up the container of paste and scans that. Zim looks at Dib, who is sitting across from him. They both eye each other in widescreen vision. Dib gets up and scampers to a sink. He sets the handle so just one drop drips out at a time. Zim groans and his eyes shake as the droplets hit the sink. The bell rings. Students walk out of the skool. Zim watches from behind a mailbox with a large mechanical eye attached to a mechanical arm attached to binoculars that Zim looks into. Zim watches as the students walk home when suddenly Dib pops up. Zim drops the binoculars and runs. He stops for breath behind a lamp post, but screams as he almost runs into a puddle. He pushes up against a wall and slowly walks around the puddle, then continues on his way. He hides behind a fire hydrant, but then notices a drop of water coming from the hydrant. Zim backs up into the street.


Dib: Hey, Zim!


Dib tosses a water balloon into the air and catches it. He hurls the balloon at Zim. It hits Zim and knocks him down, but it doesn't pop. It flies into the air and falls to the ground but still does not pop. It bounces around Zim and finally pops right next to his head. Zim screams. Zim wriggles around in the newly created puddle of water, smoking and screaming. Dib approaches him.


Zim: Why must this be!?!


Dib: How advanced is an alien race that can't handle a little water balloon? I don't even feel good about winning this one.


Zim stands up.


Zim: You win this round, perhaps, but watch your back, Dib.


Dib glances behind him nervously. Zim holds part of the water balloon in his hand.


Zim: Now that I have access to your water balloon technology, I will annihilate you down to your every last cell! On Monday we settle this like children.


Zim looks at his hand and sees the water balloon piece is stuck there. He shakes his hand around but it stay. Zim yanks it off and then sees that it was stuck on the paste that got on his glove earlier.


Zim: Hey!


Later, in Zim's lab, Zim places the hand with the paste on it into a scanning system while wearing goggles. The computer lists the ingredients on separate monitors. They include asteroid, rat hair, cupcake, ear wax, big book, H2O, dirty dirt, past, and whale yellow. A computer screen has the words 'countdown to Monday.' Zim presses a button and those words are replaced with '48:00.' Meanwhile, Dib sketches a diagram while sitting on his couch. He turns to show it to Gaz. The blue prints are to a device that attaches to Dib's back. Gaz gets off the couch holding a picture of her own and walks over in front of Dib. It shows Dib being eaten by a green monster. Meanwhile, Zim looks at paste at a cellular level through a computer screen. He separates one molecule of paste from the rest by hitting some buttons. Then he hits more buttons and makes the paste cell go over a small box. Then he presses a key that shows what would happen if rain were to fall. It doesn't affect the box inside due to the paste. Dib works on his blue prints some more. Back at Zim's lab, Zim wears goggles and brushes paste all over him. Zim presses a button on a remote attached to a wire hanging from the ceiling. Water pours out of a spout above Zim, but he is unaffected due to the paste. Zim presses another button and a machine across from Zim launches three water balloons at him. They smash on him, but Zim's paste armor protects him. Meanwhile, Dib pulls a welding mask over his face and begins welding something. Zim studies a water balloon with the Irken symbol on it that is rotating in a tube that appears to be anti-gravity. Zim walks over to his computer and slides a disk into a slot. Dib continues welding. The sun rises outside and a paperboy drops off a newspaper that says 'Sunday Edition' on it. Gaz watches as Dib pulls on a robe that lifts a hook up. The hook yanks on a flab of rubber. Zim sits at a control panel and presses a button. Dib saws on a metal pole. Dib pounds on another pole with a small mallet. Dib measures the scale of his head on the blue prints. Dib wears safety goggles as he holds a piece of metal up to a grinder with a pair of clamps. The moon looms over Dib's house. Gaz walks up to Dib, who is asleep in the garage with a water balloon.


Gaz: Hey, genius, it's Monday!


Dib gasps as he lifts his head up.


Gaz: And tape your hair down.


Outside of the skool, Flan passes a skool book to Lizard Boy by floating it to him through the skool fountain. Kids gather around as Dib walks up with a large tank of water on his back. The kids mutter things like 'what's going on' and 'what's happening.' A circle of students forms around Dib, including Gaz.


Dib: Zim!


Gaz smacks herself in the head.


Dib: Zim, you coward! Come out here and face me!


Some kids clear out of the way so Dib can see that Zim is behind them, standing perfectly still but in a cowarding position.


Dib: Poor little Zim, all that alien power and brought down by a little Earthly water! Pretty obvious who the superior being is here!


Zim still hasn't moved a muscle. The sound of an eagle soaring by is heard twice.


Dib: Zim, get up already! Seriously, Zim! Get up! You think this is funny!?! Are you making fun of me!?! You know what? You're just asking for it now!


A swirl of leaves being blown by the wind flies by Zim's head, but he doesn't move.


Dib: Okay!


Dib presses a button on a handle. Some water goes into a tube which ends in a water balloon. Once the water balloon is full enough, a mechanical arm move is behind Dib. The mechanical arm hits a kid in the face. Two more arms extend attached to that one by strings of rubber, creating a large sling shot. Dib pulls a lever and the water balloon is let go, launching it at Zim. Dib laughs as the balloon hurtles towards Zim. The balloon passes through Zim and Dib stops laughing. The balloon splatters on the ground behind Zim. Zim goes into static and disappears, revealing that he was a holograph produced by a small device on the ground. Electric volts shoot from the device. The ground rumbles. The device explodes. Meanwhile, a lady who is in the shower frowns as her water suddenly stops. Cut to an old woman in an inflatable tube creature floating in a pool. The pool starts to lose water. Cut to some girls watching as a man jet skis in a dam. The dam water level starts to lower and in no time it is gone. The jet skier holds onto a ladder on the dam wall. Jhonen sits in a room reading a comic while sitting on the couch. The water in an aquarium behind him disappears and a fish flips around. The fish flips so violently in flies into the air into a glass of water. Jhonen drinks the glass along with the fish. Jhonen breaks the glass with his hand and clutches his chest. The skool fountain drains of water, showing a book at the empty bottom. Two buildings collapse and a tornado of water shoots into the sky. It goes into outer space where it reaches a space station. The space station is a ring with rubber stretched along the inside of the ring. The water is forced into the rubber making a giant water balloon with a smiley face on it. Inside a small control center on the ring, Zim turns around in a chair. He pulls some levers and closes off the end of the balloon so no water escapes it. Two tube things emerge from the ceiling and cover Zim's hands. They lift off and now Zim has large gloves on. Outside, two large mechanical arms unfold. Zim controls their movement by moving his gloves. He pretends to tie a knot and the mechanical hands tie a knot on the water balloon. The hands fold back up and the tubes reemerge from the ceiling and remove the gloves from Zim's hands. Zim presses a button on the computer screen. The monitor screen shows Earth with the word 'target' in the corner. The monitor screen zooms in on North America, then zooms in on the city where Dib lives, then zooms in on the skool yard, then zooms in on Dib. The words 'target locked' appear. Jets on the space station make the station flip completely around so the water balloon is facing towards the Earth. The station lets go of the massive balloon. The balloon hits a satellite and speaks of water as it flies towards Earth. The students run away screaming as the balloon casts a shadow over the whole town. Dib just stares, entranced. As the balloon is about to hit Dib, Dib's mouth goes agape. The balloon suddenly stops as it hits a pole. It sits there for a second, but then it pops. Dib is pushed back by the force of all the water. A window washer in the city sees the reflection of a giant wave created by the balloon in the glass he is cleaning. He turns around and stares in fear. The water breaks through the window and floods the building. Dib holds his breath as he floats towards the surface. Steve Ressel gets a hot dog at a vendor's cart when the tidal wave sweeps him from behind. Dib's device detaches from his back. The balloon creates a gigantic tidal wave. The skool is wrecked, the sign that says 'skool' is bent up and separated from the rest of the skool. A van is over turned and Chunk pops onto it. The Slunchy brothers rest on the bent up pole that popped the balloon. Some kids sit where the skool wreckage is. Lizard Boy and Flan rest on a floating piece of wood. Dib surfaces, floating on his back in the water.


Dib: The wettening... The wettening...


Gaz walks up, showing us that the water must be shallow now, and drops a water balloon on Dib's head. Dib snaps out of his trance. Zim whistles as he walks over the watery land. A duck floats in the water. Zim goes to his front door, which is all that is left of his house. He opens the door and walks in. GIR, in disguise, is playing in the water with a rubber piggy. The toilet that leads to Zim's lab is still there, and a whale lays behind it. Zim walks towards the toilet.


GIR: Hello!


GIR spits some water out of his mouth like a fountain.


Zim: GIR, I'll be in my lab bathing in paste. Don't disturb me.


Zim stand on the toilet. He starts to get pulled down but it actually starts flushing him instead of taking him to the lab. Zim claws at the toilet bowl but it drags him down. Zim screams. GIR just plays in the water, skipping on the surface and diving in while squealing.


Zim: Help! My head is stuck! GIR! Help! I can't breathe, I...


The students sit at their desks.

Brian: I'm gonna be a doctor!

Sara: I'll be a veterinarian!

Spoo: I wanna be a fireman!

Zim: And I will be... lord of all humans!

Dib: I'm going to be a professional paranormal investigator so that I can expose-

The camera pans away from Dib over to Melvin.

Dib's voice: Hey, I wasn't finished!

Melvin glances around and then his head detaches from his body.

Melvin: When I grow up... I'm gonna be a... astronaut!

Melvin's head reattaches and Melvin grins.

Ms. Bitters: When I was your age, I wanted to be an astronaut too, Melvin!

Ms. Bitters shoves her face in Melvin's face. Flashback to a rocket shooting off of Earth. The rocket has a window on it in which Ms. Bitters as a child looks out of happily.

Ms. Bitters' voice: And then my ship imploded in the vacuum of space.

The ship swells up and then implodes as the young Ms. Bitters squeals.

Ms. Bitters: The lesson here is that dreams inevitably lead to hideous implosions. That's why the skool has instituted this test.

Ms. Bitters picks up a pile of papers from off of her desk.

Ms. Bitters: From these questions, we will determine your future careers. Then you will be partnered with an adult who works in your field. You will spend the rest of the day observing them and getting used to your wretched fates. Write what you think each blotch looks like on the line next to it.

Ms. Bitters gives the first paper to Zim. There are three blotches on it. She starts walking over to other students and passing out the test.

Ms. Bitters: Answer each one carefully. Your future depends on it.

Dib: What does identifying blotches have to do with determining our future careers?

Ms. Bitters: Oh, you poor, doomed child.

Zim's thoughts: Human slave.

Zim writes human slave on the line next to the first blotch.

Zim's thoughts: Human slave.

Zim writes human slave on the line next to the second blotch. Zim starts scratching his neck and bumps start small appearing. Dib watches. The other students write busily.

Dib's thoughts: Ghost.

Dib writes ghost on the line next to the first blotch.

Dib's thoughts: Bigfoot.

Dib writes bigfoot on the line next to the second blotch. The clock ticks.

Ms. Bitters: Time's up! Pass your papers forward!

Zim looks at the third blotch and groans. He bends his pencil and then starts beating his head against his desk. He opens one eye and then opens the other in realization. He grins as he writes down human slave for the third blotch. A machine bursts through the ceiling of the classroom. The words 'POS 2000' are written on the machine.

Ms. Bitters: The machine will now decide your fate.

Ms. Bitters sticks the papers into a slot in the machine. A single paper comes out and Ms. Bitters grabs that. The machine retracts back into the ceiling.

Ms. Bitters: Brian, you're going to be a fireman!

Brian: But I wanted to be a doctor!

Ms. Bitters: Quite! The machine has spoken! Sara, you are going to be an astronaut!

Sara bursts into tears.

Ms. Bitters: Spoo, you will be a veterinarian.

Spoo: But I'm allergic to animals!

Ms. Bitters: Dib, you will be a... paranormal investigator.

Dib: Yes!

Ms. Bitters: Zim, the machine says that the only career you are suitable for is-

Zim: Yes, yes. Lord of humans!

Zim jumps onto his desk and kneels there.

Zim: I will rule you all with an iron fist!

Ms. Bitters: No, Zim. The machine has assigned you a career in fast food preparation!

Zim: I will prepare food with my iron fist! Then I will work my way up to ruling you all with my fist!

Zim holds his fist up to Melvin.

Zim: You! Obey the fist!

Ms. Bitters growls. She hovers to the door with no legs. One leg at a time, the legs appear like landing gear. Ms. Bitters opens the door.

Ms. Bitters: Now, children! Find your partner!

Keef, Zootch, and Spoo emerge from the classroom. Many adults stand outside waiting, including a ninja, a vet, a doctor, business men, a fireman, a sumo wrestler, the Avon lady, a plumber, a maniac, and Steve Ressel. More and more students leave the classroom to find their partners. Zim stands in the doorway, scratching his neck. Dib walks up behind him.

Dib: What's the matter with your neck, Zim? Some kind of alien spore?

Zim: Of course not!

A MacMeaties employee walks up to Zim. He wears a burger hat and has a bulbous pimple and a band aid on his face. His name tag says 'Simon' on it.

Simon: Where can I find Zim?

Zim: I am Zim! Take me to the meat!

The word 'meat' is echoed.

Simon: Oh, you're not ready for meat preparation yet. We start with the French fries. When we get promoted, we work with meat.

Dib: Looks like I'll be getting teamed up with a respected paranormal investigator, Zim! He's sure to see through your pitiful disguise! And then we'll take you back to his secret lab! And then we'll perform all kinds of tests on you, horrible tests! See ya!

Zim: Let's talk more about these... promotions.

Simon: Not now, my break's almost over!

In the hallways, Flan stands with a Ninja. The ninja shows Flan a Ninja pose, but is not impressed with Flan's imitation of it. Dib looks and sees Matthew P. Mathers III try to run away from his sumo wrestler partner while squealing like a pig. The sumo grabs him and spins him in the air. The skool nurse shows Zita a bed pan. Gaz is partnered with a studio guard from Prof. Membrane's studios. Mary is partnered with a plumber who pulls a ball of filth from the water fountain. She covers her mouth in disgust. Lizard Boy is partnered with a maniac who demonstrates how you choke someone.

Bill: Your name... Dib?

Dib sees a man in a suit standing next to him.

Dib: Yes.

Bill: Call me... Bill.

Dib: I've got something to show you! There's an actual alien in my class and I have-

Bill: Slow down, little man. Today, you're going to see things that are going to change the way you look at the world. Keep your eyes and your mind open.

Bill taps his own head.

Dib: No, it's pretty open.

Dib follows Bill out of the skool.

Dib: I just wanna-

Bill: No more talking! Let's roll!

A small black car pulls up in front of them with tinted windows. Dib looks at his reflection in the window. The doors open revealing that there was no driver. A bobbling alien toy sits on the dashboard. They get into the car and drive off, passing McMeaties as they go. Mc Meaties looks different than how it did in 'germs.' Simon pulls up to McMeaties in a bicycle with Zim riding in the basket. Zim sees the McMeaties sign which reads 'over 8 billion served,' but the 'd' in 'served' is falling off so Zim mistakenly thinks it says '8 billion serve.'

Zim: 8 billion! That is more than the entire population! And they all serve McMeatie? If I rule McMeaties... I rule the world!

Inside, Simon shows Zim how to make fries. Zim is now wearing a burger hat too.

Simon: You wanna be very careful not to touch any of the grease 'cause it's kind of hot.

Simon lifts the tray of fries from the boiling grease and moves it over to a counter top.

Simon: And then you add the meat seasoning.

Simon pours a shaker of meat seasoning on the fries.

Zim: Fascinating! And once I have mastered the French fries what is the next promotion?

Simon: After fries, you get to work the grill.

Zim: And then how many promotions until I am made ruler of the planet?

Simon: About four.

Zim scratches the bumps on his neck and a spurt of green pus gets on the fries. Meanwhile, Bill drives through a country road. As they drive, the sound of animals getting hit by their car is heard.

Bill: The corporations are behind a lot of the conspiracies but the government, they're just one big conspiracy, lead by-

Dib pulls out some folders that were laying on the floor.

Dib: What are these?

Bill: Oh, case files! I brought them along to show you the difference between the serious paranormal, and the frauds. The top bundle are the real ones, the bottom ones are complete bunk

The first file says 'C.H.U.M.S' on it. Dib flips that to the back of the pile. The second one says 'Psychic lawn gnomes' and shows a picture of a lawn gnome that looks like one of Zim's that is giving off waves. Dib flips that one to the back. The third one says 'vampire lemurs' and shows a picture of a lemur with vampire teeth. Dib flips that one to the back. The fourth one says 'Frankenchokey' and shows a picture of a Frankenstein monster.

Dib: Frankenchokey?

Dib flips that one to the back. The fifth one says 'Big Foot' and shows a picture of a foot with an x mark through it. Dib flips that one to the back. The sixth one says 'Ghosts' on it and shows a picture of a sheet-like ghost with an x through it. Dib flips that one to the back. The seventh one says 'dinosaurs' on it and shows a picture of a dinosaur with an x through it.

Dib: They're filed wrong! You've got big foot and dinosaurs in with the fake stuff!

Bill: You think those things are real? That's exactly what they want you to believe!

Dib: That's what who wants me to believe?

Dib flips that file to the back. The eighth one says 'Galactic Equinox, alien molt phenomenon.' It shows a picture of the planets aligned with an x through it.

Dib: What's this?

Bill: Heh. The galactic equinox theory. At 5 o'clock tonight, the galaxies are going to be perfectly lined up. My colleagues believe that this will cause all the aliens that are living off their own planet to go through a hideous molt for a few seconds. Don't read that garbage.

Dib: That rash on Zim's neck! We've got to get to Mc Meaties, I know where there's an alien and he's going through the molt right now! It's our chance to prove that there's-

Bill: Shhh. We're here.

Bill pulls over at a crop where there is a crop circle. Bill steps out of his car holding some kind of device, perhaps scanning for alien activity.

Dib: A crop circle?

Bill: Beautiful, isn't it? It's a message from creatures much more intelligent than us! Space beings who have traveled millions of light years to say something, but what does it mean?

Dib: I think this one's a fake.

Bill: You're one of those skeptics, aren't you? Always questioning, always picking away at my theories! One day you'll see that-

Dib points to his side at a cow who is rolling around in the crop while mooing, making a crop circle-like pattern.

Dib: Now can we go to McMeaties, please?

Inside McMeaties, Zim walks over to the Meat Shake machine. He pulls a lever and liquefied meat slides down into a cup.

Olivia: Need pork daddy!

Zim groans.

Customer: Come on, we're in a hurry here! We have to make it to the observatory by five so we can watch the equinox!

Zim: The equinox is tonight!

Customer: Yeah ha, uh huh, ah ha, hmmm mmm, uh huh, hmmm mmm, yeah ha.

Zim feels the bumps on his neck. A squirt of green pus hits the counter top.

Zim: No! The molt!

Zim walks over to where Simon is sweeping the floor.

Zim: I have to go home.

Simon: If you take off, it'll be in your file forever, and you'll never get promoted.

Zim: I've come to far to give up now! I must not upset McMeatie. So close to promotions, but I need to take a break at 5 o'clock.

Simon: You're gonna have to talk to the shift captain about that.

The shift captain leans against the countertop with shifty eyes, grunting. Bill hold his device up to the cow, which is still rolling around and mooing. A billboard behind them shows an ad for Count Cocofang cereal which reads 'I vant to suck your fudge.' Dib glances at his watch.

Dib: It's 4:45, if we hurry we can make it!

Bill: Hmmm... The aliens must be controlling the cow.

Dib: That is not a supernatural cow! This is ridiculous! You believe in all the stupidest things, when real proof is right under your nose!

Dib glances at the billboard behind them.

Dib: I bet you'd listen to me if I was talking about, oh I don't know... Count Cocofang.

Bill gasps and spins around.

Bill: What do you know about Count Cocofang!?!

Dib: That he's... going to be at.. McMeaties... at 5 o'clock.

Bill: We haven't got much time! Let's roll!!

The car pulls up by itself again. They drive through the city towards Mc Meaties.

Bill: I've been following the Cocofang case for years. Everybody thinks he's made-up, but he's not. Once I catch him, the world will know what I've known all along! Count Cocofang is an actual vampire, just as Frankenchokey is an actual franken... thing!

Dib sticks his head out the window as they come closer to McMeaties.

Dib: We're almost there! That's it, Zim! Your alien infiltration stops here!

Across the street from Mc Meaties at Bun's Market, a banner reads 'Meet Count Cocofang.' A man dressed up as Cocofang is signing autographs for children.

Dib: Oh no!

Count Cocofang: Bluuuuh! Eat Cocosplodies!

Zita bobs her head up and down as she cheers for the Count. Lizard Boy hisses happily as he clings to Torque Smacky's head. Old kid waves his arms in the air. Smolga, wearing a Count Cocofang outfit, knocks the other kids out of the way with the sheer force of her cheering.

Smolga: Yeah, Cocofang rocks!

Bill pops his head out of the window.

Bill: There he is!

Bill pulls over.

Dib: He's not a vampire!

Dib grabs the bobbling alien toy from the dash board and shows it to Bill.

Dib: We have to catch the alien!

Bill walks out of the door and drags Dib along, pulling him by his arm. Dib drops the alien toy onto the sidewalk. Bill walks past the line of people waiting to get their autographs. At the front of that line, Billy Slunchy stands holding a pen and paper.

Billy Slunchy: Hey, no cutting!

Bill shoves Billy and he falls into a puddle of mud.

Bill: We finally meet, Count Cocofang!

Count Cocofang: The line starts back there.

Count Cocofang points to the end of the line. Then he gives a half-hearted moan attempting to be spooky, while shaking his head and making motions with his arms. Bill pulls a stake from out of his suit. Dib slides in front of Cocofang.

Dib: It's just a guy in a vampire suit!

Bill takes a fighting stance.

Bill: Come on, Fang! Let's dance!

Fang panics and runs for it. Bill chases after him, grabbing Dib by his arm and dragging him along. Zim watches the clock, his face now bulbous and covered in bumps.

Simon: Hey!

Zim turns his head, pus squirting from it.

Simon: Some guys are chasing after Cocofang!

All the customers get up and walk to the window to watch. Zim watches the clock as it turns to 5. Zim holds his breath. The planets align with each other and bright light spews from the sun. Suddenly, Zim's face is normal again. He feels his now smooth face happily. The molt begins and Zim groans as his face become a spreading blob like mass, spreading through out the entire interior of the McMeaties restaurant. The blob pushes the customers against the window. The blob throbs and the window begins to crack. The blob pours out of the drive-through window onto a woman waiting for her order in her car. The blob even forces its way up a pipe on the roof.

Dib: No! Bill! Stop! Wait up!

Count Cocofang grabs onto the back of a tanker and gets away. Dib and Bill stop, breathing heavily.

Bill: I'll get you, Fang!

Dib looks to his side and sees that the molt is already occurring.

Dib: Noooo!

The clock inside McMeaties shows that a minute has passed, and the blob retracts back into Zim's face. Zim goes completely back to normal. Bill walks up behind Dib, breathing heavily.

Bill: I know, little man. I feel your pain. But one day, we'll catch him. One day we'll catch... the Fang.

Dib: You jerk.

Inside McMeaties, pus is everywhere. Zootch, one of the customers who was pressed up against the window, slowly slides down it. The pus covered shift captain looks at Zim.

Shift Captain: You're fired.


Some screen grabs from Prof. Membrane's show "Probing the Membrane of Science" play as an announcer speaks.

Announcer: We'll be back with more mind-shattering adventures in science in just a moment when Professor Membrane returns.

The first screen grab that plays shows Prof. Membrane holding a rod that is shooting electricity at the head of a kid who has a metal ring around his head. The scary monkey is next to the kid with the top of his head removed, exposing his brains. The second screen grab shows Prof. Membrane lifting up a baby by the neck as children watch while Dib stands next to him holding out a folder that he most likely wants Prof. Membrane to view or sign. The words 'Probing the Membrane of Science' appear. The third screen grab shows Prof. membrane pouring a mixture in a room full of smoke and rays of light. The skeletons of two kids run away. Cut to Prof. Membrane studios. Dib runs up to the door panting and holding a briefcase with the Swollen Eyeball insignia on it, but a guard stops him, holding a tazer stick at Dib.

Door guard: Whoa! Whoa!! Audience tryouts are on the OTHER side of the building!

Dib: No, (pant) I have to get in to see Professor Membrane!

The door guard zaps Dib with his tazor. Dib screams. The door guard does it again and Dib screams louder.

Door guard: Nobody gets in to see Professor Membrane without a security clearance!

Dib: You don't get it! He's my dad!

The door guard shocks him again. Dib screams.

Dib: Dib: Really, I need him to sign this!

The door guard shocks him again. Dib screams.

Dib: Will you cut that out!?!

The door guard raises his tazor away from Dib.

Dib: If I don't get him to sign this, (Dib pulls a permission slip out of his vest and waves it around) the world as we know it will be destroyed!

Door guard: Okay. You explain it to me.

Dib: Okay...

Flashback to Dib's house. Dib is in his room at the computer. The same brief case lies on a desk in Dib's room, open and displaying a 3-d rotating projection of Zim's head without the disguise on. Dib's monitor displays the silhouette of an agent from the Swollen Eyeball Network.

Swollen Eyeball: Agent Mothman, your fellow Swollen Eyeball members agree to see this presentation of yours at 8:00 sharp tonight. But you will need a signed permission slip to attend tonight's meeting.

Dib: Are you kidding? I need my dad's permission to save the world?

Swollen Eyeball: Don't try faking a signature either. The paper is programmed to explode in just such an event.

Dib's monitor fades out. Dib stands up and walks over to his open brief case.

Dib: Well, they at least gave me this chance to present my findings on Zim. I can't mess this up.

Dib shuts the brief case and picks it up. He points to the sky.

Dib: Mankind depends on it!

End flashback. Dib it pointing to the sky. The door guard puts his tazor up to Dib and then shocks him. Dib groans.

Dib: Hey!

Gaz walks up as smoke rises up from Dib.

Dib: Gaz! What are you doing here?

Flash back to Dib's living room. Gaz sets a box of pizza on the coffee table as Dib walks in.

Dib: I can't believe I don't have handcuffs to lock this thing to my wrist! Okay, checklist. Briefcase, permission slip, extra copy of permission slip just in case... I think that's it.

Gaz lifts the last slice of pizza out of the box and holds it to her mouth. Dib pops up next to her and grabs the pizza.

Dib: Oh yeah! Thanks, Gaz! Don't want to starve to death while saving the Earth!

Dib runs off. Gaz hyperventilates. Her eyes widen. The background changes to that of frowny faces.

Gaz: Let it be known that from this day, until the end of the day, vengeance will be mine. Dib, you will not know the meaning of peace, for I shall rain misery down upon your pizza-stealing heart!

Gaz's eye twitches. The flashback ends.

Gaz: I thought I'd help you out.

Dib: Thank you, Gaz. It's about time somebody helped out. You'd think people would be a little more eager to help fight off an invading alien swarm.

Gaz makes swirly motions with her finger to indicate to the guard that Dib is crazy.

Dib: Now if you would just show me to the-

The guard shocks Dib. Dib screams.

Door guard: Professor Membrane is shooting his show. The only way you get to see him is if you make it into the audience.

Dib: But he's my dad!

Door guard: Other side of the building!

The guard shocks Dib again. Dib screams. A large tube lowers over Dib and sucks him up. Dib hits his back on the edge and then groans as he is sucked up. His briefcase follows.

Door guard: Fanboy...

Dib falls out of the other end of the tube in a room with many desks where people are filling out a test. Dib lands in an empty desk. He glances around and then his brief case falls from the tube onto his head. Dib groans. A hovering robot approaches Dib holding a piece of paper in one claw and a pencil in the other.

Robot: This is the Professor Membrane audience admissions exam.

The robot hands Dib the paper and pencil. Dib holds up the paper and glances at it.

Dib: You need to take an exam to be in the audience?

Robot: This exam will test your knowledge of science, math, and the personal history of Professor Membrane.

Dib: How am I supposed to know what Dad's first sentient thought was?

Gaz: It was, "I will poop now."

Dib looks at the desk behind him and sees Gaz sitting there reading the book 'I, membrane.'

Gaz: It's here in his autobiography.

A Professor Membrane Rejected Girl wearing Membrane merchandise sitting behind Gaz looks over Gaz's shoulder.

Rejected Girl Heh, that's not it, it's-

Gaz knocks the rejected girl out of her chair with a hearty smack in the face.

Dib: How did you get in here?

Gaz: I took the staff entrance.

Dib: There's a staff entrance?

Gaz shrugs.

Dib: Fine! Maybe I don't know Dad's first poop, but I can beat this test with my superior knowledge of science.

As Dib writes, the robot hovers by. Gaz looks over Dib's shoulder and shakes her head. Dib smiles as he writes some more. Gaz looks over his shoulder and shakes her head again. Dib looks over at the person sitting to his left, but Gaz shoots out of the side of the screen, blocking Dib from cheating. Dib writes and glances back and forth to Gaz nervously. Dib looks at Chris Farley who is sitting on the right, but Gaz pops down from the ceiling, upside-down, blocking Dib's view. Dib glances at Gaz repeatedly as he writes. Gaz rises out of view. The rejected girl sitting behind Gaz raises her hand and the hovering robot hovers to her. It grabs her test and slips it into a slot on its head.

Robot: 94 percent. Your score is...

The rejected girl sits happily waiting for the answer.

Robot: UNACCEPTABLE!

The rejected girl screams as her desk slides out of the row and zooms backwards towards the wall. The desk goes into an open chamber of pitch black room and steal doors shut behind her with the word 'reject' marked on them. Red lights flash. Dib looks back at where she went, worried. The hovering robot grabs Dib's test and sticks it into the slot on the top of its head.

Robot: Evaluating... 94.1 percent. Your score is... acceptable! Congratulations!

A celebratory tune plays from the robot. A compartment opens on the robot and confetti sprays out.

Dib: Okay, that was annoying.

Dib grabs his suitcase as the hovering robot hovers away.

Dib: But at least it was easy.

The tube lowers from the ceiling above Dib's head. As Dib gets sucked up, he hits his head on the rim. Dib screams. Dib rises up into a darkened arena in a battle suit, holding his suit case. A mechanical arm places a helmet on Dib's head. Another mechanical arm places a disk shaped marker on his chest. A light shines on Dib.

Announcer: Welcome to the audience admissions test, round two!

Dib: Round two?

Lights turn on revealing that Dib is in a giant chain-link dome. Dib gasps. He turns around and sees Gaz leaning against the outside of the dome.

Dib: Gaz?

Gaz: Staff entrance.

We see that the announcer's voice is coming from a bundle of speakers outside the dome.

Announcer: Junior scientist, choose your science tool!

The floor opens up and a row of giant tools rise out, including tongs, a dropper, a cork-screw, and a nail file.

Dib: Okay...

Dib grabs the dropper. A mechanical arm that was holding it up lets go and all the other tools lower into the floor.

Announcer: Now, let the battle begin!

Dib: Battle?

A deformed green ogre kid with a gargantuan head charges Dib with a giant q-tip.

Shunk Wugga: Feel the power of Shunk Wugga!

Dib screams and runs as Shunk chases after him, grunting as he runs. Shunk knocks Dib down by smacking him with his q-tip. Dib bounces against the wall and hits the floor. He looks up at Shunk, worried.

Shunk Wugga: Don't worry small friend. Shunk have plan. We end in tie we both go see show.

Dib: What? Okay, Shunk was it?

Dib extends a hand to Shunk but accidentally hits Shunk's point marker. It flashes.

Announcer: Point goes to contestant number one!

The score board increases a point on Dib's side.

Shunk Wugga: All of Shunk's dreams not come true!

Dib walks over and sits down on a seat against the wall in front of where Gaz watches from behind the fencing, griping it in her hands.

Dib: I'm not sure what kind of test this is, Gaz, but I seem to be doing okay.

Gaz growls and lets go of the fencing, leaving. Shunk sits on the seat on his side of the arena.

Shunk Wugga: Little guy betray me! Shunk feel hurt like never before!

Gaz appears behind Shunk outside of the arena.

Gaz: You know, he says he could slice you....

Gaz scuttles out of view and appears on the other side of Shunk.

Gaz: Like a pizza! And your head is hideously misshapen.

Shunk Wugga: No!

Announcer: Battle 2 of 3! Test your knowledge of combustion with Pyrochaos!

Two large monitor screens outside the arena show an image of flames in place of images of Dib and Shunk that is was showing before. Dib glances down as the floor lowers leaving 18 platforms. Flames shoot out from where the floor was. A mechanical arm emerges from the wall and attaches a cable to Dib's back. The same thing happens to Shunk. The mechanical arms rise to the top of the arena. Dib looses his balance and falls onto the edge of the platform he is standing on.

Dib: What does this have to do with science!?!

Dib gets back up. Shunk leaps from platform to platform with the help of the cable attached to his back. Dib glances at the flames and tucks his brief case under his arm and then clumsily jumps over to a platform and then over to another. Shunk leaps down on Dib and knocks the dropper out of Dib's hands with his q-tip. It falls into the flames and shatters. Dib leaps up as Shunk swings his q-tip. Dib leaps again and flies across the arena. He falls to a platform and Shunk leaps at him. Shunk misses Dib with his q-tip and cracks the platform. Flames rise and in front of Dib, and when they lower, Dib sees Shunk right in front of him aiming his q-tip. Dib attempts to get away, but Shunk grabs Dib by his ankle. He pulls Dib back and lets go, sending him launching into the air. Dib hits the dome wall and bounces off of it. He falls down between the platforms. The cord pulls him back up just as flames rise. As he flies back up, Shunk swings his q-tip and misses. Dib flies up to the wall again but latches on this time.

Shunk Wugga: Come down.

Dib: Nnnno...

Shunk Wugga: Come down and face Shunk.

Dib: No.

Shunk Wugga: SHUNK!

Dib: How did you pass the verbal portion of the exam anyway?

Shunk puts down his q-tip and grabs the chain link wall. He shakes it and the entire dome shakes. Gaz watches happily. Dib screams as he looses grip and falls onto a platform. Shunk goes over to Dib. Shunk flips Dib over with his q-tip and uses the end of the q-tip to hit the marker on Dib's chest. It flashes and beeps.

Announcer: Score goes to contestant 2. Let the tie breaker begin!

The score board adds a point to Shunk's side. The floor rises back up. They return to their corners and sit down. Dib pants.

Dib: It may be time to change strategies.

Gaz: Yeah? Maybe I can help.

Dib: Tell Shunk I'm willing to reconsider his offer for a tie.

Gaz appears behind Shunk.

Gaz: Dib says he wants you to explode and your head is still big!

Shunk Wugga: Doctor say big head not mean anything bad! Shunk not bad! Shunk eat enemy!

Shunk drools.

Announcer: Prepare for the final contest! Testing your knowledge of the insect world and cybernetic death machines, cyborarachnarama!

The monitor screen shows a spider shape along with the words 'CYBOR ARACHNA RAMA.'

Dib: Cyberachno? Spider robots? Do spiders have robots?

The top of the arena opens and two legless spider body suits lower from the ceiling. Each one is carried to the opponent by a mechanical arm. When Dib's reaches him, the top opens up. Dib tries to scramble away but a mechanical arm grabs him and puts him inside the spider suit as he gasps. The suit closes on him so only his head is sticking out. Dib looks at the control panel. The mechanical arm holding up the spider suit lets go and Dib flips around the ground grunting before spider legs extend from the body. Both Shunk and Dib scramble up separate sides of the dome. Shunk leaps at Dib but Dib side steps him. As Dib scrambles away, he slips, but he regains balance. Shunk and Dib both leap off of the walls and hurtle towards each other. Shunk hits Dib with a spider leg and they both cling to separate sides again. Shunk shoots artificial spider webbing out of the abdomen of his suit. Dib tries to jump out of the way but it ties around all of his legs. Dib also shoots his webbing and it hits the ceiling. Dib hangs from the ceiling as Shunk climbs up the wiring.

Dib: Hey, Shunk, how 'bout we do that tie thing now, eh?

Shunk Wugga: Big head can go off and explode huh?

Shunk cuts the top webbing with his spider arm. They both fall to the floor, except Shunk falls on Dib breaking open Dib's spider suit and shooting him out. Shunk lies on his back in the spider suit.

Dib: See? It's a tie! This way we both win!

Shunk breaks out of his suit by sheer force. Dib shields his face as parts of the suit fly at him. Shunk walks over and looms over Dib.

Shunk Wugga: Shunk destroy!

Dib's lips wiggle in fear. Shunk raises a fist. He gently taps Dib's marker. Dib frowns. Shunk waves his arms victoriously.

Announcer: The winner is Shunk Wugga!

Fireworks explode with smoke.

Announcer: All losers leave the arena. Now.

A gate opens in the arena and studio guards walk in towards Dib, growling. One of the guards is the same one that guarded the Membrane Studio door.

Dib: Wait! I'm Doctor Membrane's son! Run a DNA test!

Dib grabs his brief case.

Dib: You gotta believe me!

The guards grab Dib and drag him out of the gate.

Dib: Come on... listen... to me... lemme... go!

Dib is dragged kicking and screaming through the halls. Dib looks at the clock and sees that it is 8:00. Dib screams even louder. The guards drag Dib past Gaz.

Dib: Gaz! Help me! I'm sorry about your tacos or whatever, just help me...

Gaz smiles and waves goodbye to Dib. Gaz catches sight of a box of pizza on a table with one slice of pizza left in it. Her eyes bulge and her pupils widen. As Dib gets dragged along, he opens his brief case and pulls out the two permission slips. He puts one back and shuts the brief case.

Dib: Excuse me, do you have a pen?

Door Guard: Here you go.

The guard hands Dib a pencil and Dib writes 'Prof. Membrane' in cursive on the signature line.

Slip: Forgery alert. This permission slip will self destruct in 5 seconds.

The slip starts beeping. Dib crumples it up and hurls it into a trash can. The trash can explodes. The guards get distracted by the explosion right as they reach the exit door. Dib bolts for it.

Guard: Hey, get back here! You!

They run past Gaz as she lifts the slice to her mouth. Dib runs by again.

Guard: Watch out!

Gaz turns to look and sees the guards coming back. One of the guards bumps her and she drops the pizza. The pizza drops to the floor in slow motion as Gaz reaches her hands out. It splats on the floor, bugs rushing to it. Dib runs down the hallway of dressing rooms.

Dib: Dad's dressing room must be around here somewhere!

Dib opens the door to Prof. Membrane's dressing room as he is powdering his face. Dib pants and holds up the other permission slip. The door shuts by itself behind Dib.

Dib: You gotta sign this! For the sake of all mankind!

Prof. Membrane: Now, now. I don't sign autographs backstage, little boy.

Dib: Little boy? Dad, I'm your-

The door opens up and the guards burst through.

Guard: There's the intruder! Get him!

The guards drag him out of the door. Dib drops the permission slip on the floor. After Dib is gone, Prof. Membrane picks it up.

Dib: Noooooo!!! Planet Earth, doooomed!

The guards hurl Dib into an alleyway by the trash, still wearing his battle outfit. His brief case lies on the alley floor.

Door guard: Next time, we'll call your parents! Or legal guardian!

They shut the door behind them.

Dib: This is awful. When the aliens have come and we're all slaves to their alien evil, will the world ever know how hard I tried? Will they? Huh? Huh?

The door opens back up and the door guard stands in the doorway.

Door guard: Oh yeah, Professor autographed this for ya.

The door guard drops the permission slip onto the ground and shuts the door behind him. Dib picks up the slip.

Dib: My permission slip! I can give my presentation! I did it! the world is saved!

Dib laughs and snort happily.

Dib: I can do my presen-

Dib falls backwards.

Dib: Ow!

Dib walks on stage to the Swollen Eyeball meeting chamber. Two monitor screens show the eyeball insignia. Dib walks up to a podium. the audience is filled with guys that look just like the one that talked to Dib at the beginning of the episode.

Dib: My fellow Eyeballs. I won't make you wait any longer. What you are about to hear and see will... um... will...

Dib glances around and then stares, slack-jawed. Cut to the alleyway behind the Membrane Studios. The briefcase is laying on the ground. The spooky Chihuahua walks up to the briefcase. He grabs the handle in his mouth and growls as he drags the briefcase away. Cut back to the Swollen Eyeball Meeting chamber.

Dib: Uh... Could we reschedule this?

Fade out.


It is night. A large telescope sticking out of the ground takes up all of Zim's backyard. The lens turns as it adjusts. The telescope is attached to tubing that goes deep under the ground into a spherical structure in Zim's lab. In the center of the spherical structure, Zim sits on a hovering platform looking through the other end of the telescope.

Zim: Enhance.
Through the telescope, Zim looks at a planet. As it enhances, it shows the planet's surface, where rock creatures roam around.

Zim: Computer, locate Invader Flobee.
Invader Flobee's face blinks in the corner of the telescope view screen. The telescope zooms over to where Invader Flobee is and then zooms in. Flobee sits on a stone throne and has rocks strapped to his body and two of the rock creatures fans him with large leaves. His SIR unit lounges with him on the throne.

Zim: Flobee seems to be doing alright. Computer, show me Invader Stink. Stink never was much of an invader, I'd be surprised if he's even got a good disguise yet.
The telescope view screen shows Stink's face in the corner. The telescope zooms over to a planet and then enhances until we see Invader Stink, without any type of disguise, lounging on a hill.

Zim: Hehe, resting on the job, eh, Stink? Pathetic!
The telescope view zooms out showing that the dome has an Irken flag on it and that the city below is flaming.

Zim: Huh!?!
Zim wails.

Zim: All the invaders are farther along in their conquest than I am! Computer, show me Invader Skutch!
The telescope shows a planet. The telescope view screen shows Skutch's face in the corner.

Zim (desperately): Skutch was a total failure in the academy.
The telescope enhances to show Skutch laughing maniacally as his surroundings burn.

Zim: Hey, what is this!?!
The telescope suddenly goes static.

Zim: Computer, I wanna see Invader Skutch!
Computer: Exact Skutch coordinates set.
Zim: I see no Skutch! Go back to Stink.
The telescope view screen shows Stink's icon in the corner, but the telescope shows nothing but static. Zim grabs a communicator attached to a tube.

Zim: GIR! Come to the observatory!
Zim lets go of the communicator. GIR, who is out of disguise, pops his head out of a hole on the observatory wall.

GIR: Yes?
Zim: What have you done to the telescope?
GIR (innocently): Nothin'.
Zim: You haven't touched it? Something is broken and it's not your fault?
GIR (fearfully): I know, I'm scared too.
GIR jumps out of the hole and slides down the wall of the conservatory. When he reaches the floor, he uses his jets to fly up and then land on the platform Zim is on.

Zim: Computer, display scope image on screen.
The entire conservatory dome wall becomes a view screen, showing static.

GIR: I love this show.
Zim: What is that?
The hovering platform Zim and GIR are on approaches the wall.

Zim: I know this from somewhere...
The observatory starts shaking and chunks of debris start falling from the ceiling. Zim screams as the telescope breaks loose and crashes to the ground. The walls go back from static to normal walls. The hover platform dodges falling debris and chunks of the telescope. A small chunk hits Zim in the face. Once the shaking stops, the entire observatory is filled with the broken chunks of the telescope. The hovering platform floats above it.

GIR: Wooo! Do that again!
Zim: If what I saw was what I thought I saw, then there isn't time to fix the scope! I'll have to find another more powerful telescope to confirm my... SUSPICIONS...
GIR grabs Zim's face.

GIR: Let's make biscuits! (shakes Zim's head) Let's make biscuits!
Cut to a hilltop above the city where Zim and GIR (in their disguises) stand. Nearby them, a couple of stargazers: DA' CONE and Revolti. The sky seems to be pulsing with waves of electricity.

GIR: What about that one?
An insectoid helmet emerges from Zim's Irken utility pack and covers his face from the mouth up. Wires emerge from the Irken utility pack and plug themselves into the back of the helmet. Binocular lenses extend from the eyes of the helmet. From Zim's view, we see a large telescope in Dib's backyard. Dib's face flashes in the corner of the helmet view screen.

Zim: It certainly looks powerful enough... but it belongs to the Dib human.
GIR: So? He seems nice! (hugs himself to prove his point)
Zim: We want to destroy these people, not ask them for help. The very thought makes me make little... sicky noises.
The ground shakes and GIR rolls down the hill. They both groan. Zim looks to the sky. Cut to Dib's house. Zim and GIR stand out front, Zim no longer wearing the helmet. Zim looks nervous. He looks to GIR, who smiles and makes a squeaky fart noise. Zim walks towards Dib's front door. Zim reaches the door, then looks back at GIR. GIR gives a thumbs up while making a little squeaky noise. He lifts both of his hands giving two thumbs up, then wiggles his hands around. When Zim turns around, he pretends to crush his head with his hand while making squishy noises. Zim stares at the doorbell and moans as he finally presses it. Dib opens the door slowly. Zim smacks the door open the rest of the way and Dib groans as he falls backward into the couch.

Zim: I need the use of your telescope.
As Zim approaches, Dib scuttles away, and then grabs the Prof. Membrane lamp behind the couch and holds it threateningly at Zim.

Dib: Gaz, there's an alien in the house!
Gaz's voice: You mean besides you?
Zim: We don't have time for this, Dib! Your world might be in very great danger!
Dib: Well, yeah, you're trying to destroy the human race, remember?
Zim chuckles dismissively.

Zim: Oh, yes, but this is different, there's something else entirely. I need to use your telescope!
Dib: You think I'm stupid? I mean, what kind of weak alien needs the help of the people he intends to conquer?
Zim: Have you seen the sky?
Dib: I'm not going out there, Zim! I'm not falling for whatever it is you're up to!
Dib pokes Zim in the face with his Prof. Membrane lamp. Zim squeals. Dib does it again and Zim runs out the door, screaming like an ape. Dib slams the door behind him.

Dib: Earth is safe once more, but for how long?
Gaz's voice: Be quiet!
Zim walks over to where GIR is. GIR has his face in the mud as he wags his tail.

Zim: Stupid human!
GIR stands upright, revealing that there is mud on his lips.

Zim: We only have one option, GIR! We're takin' the Voot Cruiser out to investigate.
Cut to Zim's house. The roof opens and the Voot Runner lifts out. Zim and GIR are inside, out of disguise.

Zim: It's a good thing I fixed the G-Force Compensators on the cruiser before this little trip we're about to take. It was acting kinda funny.
GIR: Hee-Hee, G-Force.
Zim groans as the Voot Runner rumbles. He screams as it blasts away at incredible speeds. Before they know it, they are high above the city. Zim's lips are pulled back and GIR scream with him. Suddenly, the Voot Runner crashes into something and Zim flies out of his seat, hitting the windshield. His eyeball comes out of his socket. He groans as he puts it back into its socket.

Zim: What did we hit? Noooooo!!!!
Zim looks out and sees that the Earth has a dome covering around it. The dome covering is a giant viewscreen showing space so people won't notice that there is a covering around it.

Zim: The Earth has been stolen, GIR!
GIR: Stolen?
One of GIR's eyes extends and then retracts.

Zim: ...By the Planet Jackers! Computer, bring up the Planet Jackers holo simulation.
A hologram is projected from the dashboard. It shows a planet with a moon orbiting it.

Zim: They sneak up on unsuspecting planets and enclose them in a hollow metal bubble.
The holo simulation shows a metal bubble closing over the planet, then a smaller one closing over the moon. The moon bubble connect to the planet bubble by a line.

Zim: The inside of the sphere is one big television screen, which projects a sky so know one knows what's happened.
GIR: I like TV!
The holo-simulation shows the inside of the sphere, with the projection of a sky.

Zim: Those earthquakes we've been feeling are the pull from when they change direction.
GIR: Tell me a story about giant pigs!
GIR holds up a pig toy. An oink is heard. The holo-simulation shows a large sun.

Zim: The Planet Jacker's homeworld orbits a dying sun.
The holo-simulation shows the encased planet and moon being lead over the sun. The sphere opens and the planet and moon drop into the sun.

Zim: They throw planets into it like firewood to keep it burning. And now, they have the Earth.
GIR: Yay!
Zim: No GIR, that's bad.
GIR: Aw.
Zim: Do you know what this means?
GIR: Yes.
Zim: You don't really, do you?
GIR: Hm. (timidly clutches rubber piggy)
Zim jumps onto the dashboard where a holo-projection of the Earth is.

Zim: It means WE won't get to destroy it! Our mission will be a total failure!
Zim pounds the dashboard. Then he hops down

Zim: Imagine the Irken army showing up and the entire planet is missing!
The holo projection turns off.

GIR: Ooooh!
Zim flies the Voot Runner down from its impact point and flies along the inside of the sphere casing.

Zim: There's got to be a way out of the shell. There!
They fly into an opening that is labeled 'for Planet Jacker use only.' The Voot Runner flies out of the shell and then flies towards the cockpit of the ship. Zim presses a button on the Voot Runner control panel and a holo-projection view screen appears showing the entire planet jacker ship diagram. The planet is being pulled along by only a tiny ship.

Zim: That's it! That's them!
Inside the cockpit, Nik and Oog-Ah sit. A little female planet jacker wobbly toy (like the Hawaiian dancer wobbly toys people put in their cars) sits on the dashboard. The radio is playing.

Nik: Look at that, binary system. That's a pair of stars orbiting around each other. You ever been to a binary system?
Oog-Ah: No.
Nik: Would it... kill you to say something?
Oog-Ah: Quiet, or I'll eat your head. Is that enough words for you?
Nik: I was just trying to make conversation.
Zim flies the Voot Runner in front of the Planet Jacker's ship and turns around to face them.

Zim: S'cuse me.
Nik: Hey, look at the little green guy!
Zim: What do you think you're doing?
Nik: Well, you see that planet back there?
Zim: Yes.
Nik: We're going to throw it into our sun. Why you gotta problem with that?
Oog-Ah: That one's gonna burn real good, lots of critters! Critters burn good!
Zim: Yes, I have a problem! Maybe you have forgotten about the Irken/Planet Jacker treaty, stating that all planets marked for conquest by the Irken military are to be left where they are!
Nik looks at a map.

Nik: No, no, this planet wasn't marked. This one's free game.
Zim: Then it's a mistake! I know for certain (GIR waves his arm and squeals happily) the armada expects me to ensure this planet's doom! Can't you just go get some other planet?
Nik: I got a better idea. We'll take this planet, and you go doom a different one.
Zim: I was here first!
Oog-Ah: I'm getting tired of you, green thing.
Oog-Ah presses a button on the control panel and a thrust cannon emerges from the ship right above the Voot Runner. Zim looks up, and the thrust cannon shoots out a blast, sending the Voot Runner off spinning as Zim screams. The Planet Jackers laugh.

Nik: Look, Oog!
Nik points to the sun of the Planet Jacker homeworld, which is in the distance.

Nik: Pick up the pace, we're almost home!
The Voot Runner stops spinning.

Zim: There isn't much time! GIR!
GIR pops his head up, saluting, with red eyes, shoulder joints, chest plate, and antennae tip.

Zim: Fly the cruiser. I have a plan. An amazing plan...
The Voot Runner flies up to the coupling between the planet jacker ship and the planet. A bubble covers Zim's head and then goes invisible. Jets emerge from his backpack. The Voot Runner opens up and Zim flies out. His robotic spider legs emerge as he lands on the coupling. Inside the Planet Jacker's ship, Nik taps the steering wheel. Suddenly, pounding is heard.

Oog-Ah: I'll take care of it.
Oog-Ah gets up and grabs a helmet that fits tightly on his face. He walks over to a dead end. Light pours down on him from above and then a rising platform lifts him up. On the outside of the side, Zim pounds the ship while groaning. Oog-Ah uses a jetpack to fly over to Zim.

Oog-Ah: Please, stop that. It's really annoying!
Zim: Fools!
Zim's robotic spider legs extend again.

Zim: I am Zim, Irken Invader Zim. I am responsible for the safe obliteration of the human race, not you!
Zim points at Oog-Ah.

Oog-Ah: That's it.
Oog-Ah swipes Zim's hand out of the way and then leaps at him. Zim jumps over him and Oog-Ah misses, tumbling. Oog-Ah turns around and pushes Zim in the face. As Oog-Ah's hand comes into contact with Zim's face, the invisible bubble becomes visible for a second. As Zim is pushed, one of his spider legs scratches along the surface of the ship. He skids to a stop and then turns around.

Zim: Release the planet, thief!
Oog-Ah: There's only one way to undue the coupling, but you'll have to get through me first!
Oog-Ah pulls out a set of keys and twirls them on his finger. Zim looks down and sees a small key-hole on the coupling. Zim leaps up with added force from his spider legs. Oog-Ah moves out of the way and Zim flies past him. Oog-Ah laughs. Zim leaps again, but as he flies past Oog-Ah, Oog-Ah grabs him by his spider legs. Oog-Ah moves around in circle, spinning Zim with him. Zim groans as he spins. Zim's robotic spider legs snap and Zim is sent flying into space. Oog-Ah tosses the spider legs away. Zim spins through space. Zim's communicator unfolds from his Irken utility pack.

Zim: GIR! GIR! Catch me! Bring the cruiser around and catch me!
Inside the Voot Runner, GIR lifts his head up. GIR's eyes, chest plate, shoulder joints, and antennae tip all turn red as he salutes.

GIR: Yes, sir!
The Voot Runner flies in circles and then zooms off. It flies straight into Zim. Zim is stuck on the windshield. GIR looks at him from the inside, his colors now back to normal. GIR waves a hand.

GIR: Hi!
Zim: Let me in, GIR!
GIR looks around and then presses a button on the control panel. The windshield opens and Zim grunts as he falls inside. The windshield closes back up. The invisible bubble on Zim's head becomes visible as it opens up. Zim growls.

Zim: They're getting away! We're losing the planet, GIR! The Tallest will kill me for sure!
GIR watches a comet go by.

Zim: Now, time for another amazing plan from me, Zim!
Zim's name is echoed. The Voot Runner flies over to the covered Earth and hovers above it. The pods on either side of the Voot Runner detach and hover down to the covered Earth. Welding beams shoot out of each pod. The pods move in different directions, cutting through the shell as they go.

Zim: The pods should cut through the shell.
Zim wears a purple spacesuit. Zim places his feet onto a panel in the voot runner and the are covered in space boots that match the space suit.

Zim: I'll just have to keep them occupied so they don't notice what's happening.
GIR watches as a comet flies by in the background.

Zim: You let me know when it's done.
The bubble covers Zim's head again and becomes invisible. GIR hangs onto the side of the Voot Runner as Zim blasts out of the open Voot Runner with his jet packs. He uses his jets to fly along the surface of the covered Earth towards the coupling. As he flies along the surface, he passes a pod as it cuts through the shell. When Zim reaches the coupling, he lands on it with magnetic boots that let him stick to the surface. Inside the cockpit, Nik looks at the side-view mirror and sees Zim.

Nik: Oog, look who's back.
Oog-Ah growls and gets up out of his seat Cut to the coupling. Oog-Ah uses his jets to fly over to where Zim is.

Oog-Ah: Let's get this over with, little man!
Oog-Ah punches a fist into his palm.

Zim: Sure. Why not?
Zim takes a fighting stance. Oog-Ah roars. Oog-Ah's jets turn on and he flies towards Zim, fists out. Zim's jets turn on and he flies towards Oog-Ah, fists out and screaming. As they fly towards each other, both screaming, the pods cut through the shell. On the inside of the sphere on the surface of Earth, the welding lasers of the pods cutting through can be seen in the sky, but it looks like a shooting star. The stargazers (DA' CONE and Revolti) are still on the hill.

DA' CONE: Preeeetty!
Back at the coupling, Zim looks really beaten up.

Zim: You had enough yet?
Oog-Ah punches Zim in the face, and then again. The pods finally meet. When they collide, the welding beams shut off and they float into the air. Since the shell has been completely cut through, it starts it lift off. The pods join back with the Voot Runner.

GIR: It's done!
Oog-Ah steps on Zim's swollen head. He stops, and Zim weakly gets up. His bubble helmet flickers from non-invisibility to invisibility and back.

Zim: Okay... I think I'm through with you!
Oog-Ah growls. Zim's boots disconnect and Zim sputters away with his remaining jetpack. As Zim flies into space, the Voot Runner flies by and picks him up. At Dib's house, Dib peeks his head out of his door to see the shell lifting off. He sees that they are now near the Planet Jacker's sun too. The moon, which is still encased in its own shell, crashes into the Atlantic Ocean. As it crashes, the shell breaks off and the moon drifts off. The moon collides into the two halves of the shell it was encased in and then drifts away into space.

Zim: The Earth is safe! I did it, GIR! Now let's go destroy it!
GIR: Yay!
The Voot Runner dodges through debris from the moon as it zooms down into Earth. Cut to the Planet Jackers' cockpit.

Nik: Another job well done, yeah?
Oog-Ah: Yeah...
They both laugh. They zoom towards the sun carrying along half of the shell that was covering Earth.


Zim presses some buttons on a control panel in his lab. Two tubes next to him contain a chicken in each one. Zim rotates some levers on the control panel. Inside the first tube, the platform the chicken sits on rotates around so that the chicken faces forward. As the chicken rotates, its eyes widen. Zim pulls on the levers and the platform the chicken is on starts to spin at high speeds. The chicken in the other tube looks at Zim questioningly. Zim taps his finger on a monitor screen. The monitor screen shows an image of the Earth at a distance. Zim presses a button on the control panel and rubber tubing lowers from the ceiling and attaches to the top of the tube that the spinning chicken is in. The other chicken looks around nervously. Zim presses a button on the control panel and the spinning chicken is shot up through the tubing. Zim and the second chicken look at the monitor, where it shows a green dot (representing the chicken) leaving the Earth.


Zim: Hmmm... Chicken! Mmm hmmm! Hmmm... hmmmm.


The other chicken flaps its wings nervously as the rubber tubing attaches to the top of its tube. The chicken's mouth hangs slightly agape as Zim moves his finer towards the button on the control panel. Suddenly, a red alarm on the ceiling of the lab blares.


Computer: Security breach, unknown intruder!


Zim: Ha!


Zim walks away. The green dot on the monitor screen goes into the sun. Zim walks out into his front lawn, in his disguise. A giant stone squirrel with a crack in its head and an eyehole in its chest scoots along the walkway of Zim's house. The eyes peering through the eyehole blink.


Zim: Hmmmm.... Mmm, hmmm! Hmmmm.... Gnomes! Capture the squirrel!


The gnomes on either side of the squirrel turn their heads and lift up their arms. They close in on the squirrel and lift it up into the air and then drop it.


Dib (from inside the squirrel): Hey! Hey!


It shatters, revealing Dib inside. The stone squirrel tail sticks on Dib's rear end.


Zim: Ha! Nice try, squirrel-Dib! I laugh at your pitiful attempt at spying! Here I go.


Zim laughs.


Dib: Go on, laugh!


Zim abruptly stops laughing. Dib stands up and the squirrel tail falls off and shatters.


Dib: But one day, you'll be sitting in your house feeling all safe and secure, and then you'll look over and I'll be there! Doin' stuff!


Zim: Stuff? In my home!?! Never! You'd have to find some kind of flaw in my security net! Since that could never possibly happen, you'll have to do your stuff elsewhere! You haven't discovered some kind of a flaw, have you?


Dib: Let's just say your home defenses could use some tightening.


Dib starts walking away.


Zim: You're lying!


A delivery truck for Bloaty's Pizza Hog pulls up. A pimply delivery man wearing a Bloaty hat and Bloaty clothing holding a pizza walks past Zim and up to the front door.


Zim: Nothing breaches my defenses, nothing! You hear me, squirrel boy? Nothing!


Zim[Off-screen]: Hey!


The delivery man rings the door bell.


Zim: Hey!


GIR, who is out of disguise, answers the door.


Delivery Man: Here's the pizza you or-dered.


GIR's eyes start to water.


GIR (tearfully): Thank you....


Zim: Hey!


GIR (wipes away tears of joy): I... I love you....


GIR takes the pizza. The delivery man gets in the truck and drives off.


Zim: GIR! We fend humans away from our home, not invite them over!


GIR: I had a coupon!


Zim: Maybe there is some kind of flaw! But what?


Zim walks into the house and shuts the door behind him. GIR sits down on the couch. He rips the pizza box open with his mouth and then dumps the pizza onto his lap. He breaks the pizza in half and then throws one half of it into the air. It lands on his face. GIR slurps the pizza into his mouth, leaving his face covered in grease. GIR chews and then swallows the pizza. He lifts up the other half and takes large bites out of it. Zim puts a hand to his mouth as his cheeks bulge out like he is about to throw up. Zim gags.


Zim: The smell...all that cheese!


GIR: I like it!


GIR takes some more bites.


Zim: It's sickening! And your lippy... Smacky noises... aren't helping.


Zim's cheeks bulge out again. GIR finishes off the pizza, grease dripping down from his face. GIR leaps from the couch and latches onto Zim's head. Zim groans.


GIR: Don't worry, I like you too!


Zim: Get off of me! Get off of me, GIR!


Zim backs into the TV, which falls backwards into the wall.


Zim: Get off of me!


Zim backs into the shelf. It topples over and a piggy toy falls off of it. Zim continues screaming. He walks over to the closet door and it opens, knocking him over and knocking GIR off of his head. The Father Decoy pops out and then goes back in, the door shutting behind him.


Zim: You're horrible!


Zim, who is now all greasy, gets up.


Zim: GIR! Get me cleansing chalk! Quickly!


GIR walks over, holding a bar of soap, a mirror, and a towel. Zim snatches the bar of soap and bites off the wrapper. He rubs the soap on his face, while groaning. GIR tosses the mirror and towel into the air and leaps over to the empty pizza box. GIR sticks it on his head. Zim picks up the mirror and gasps. He shakes the soap and it unfolds, revealing that it was just a strip of bacon that was curled up.


Zim: Why was there bacon in the soap!?!


GIR sits inside the pizza box.


GIR: I made it myself!


Zim's eye twitches. He flings the bacon to the ground. He lifts up the mirror and notices a pimple is growing on his right cheek. He pokes it.


GIR: YOU GOT A PIMPLE!


Zim: Pim-pol?


GIR: Just like on TV!


GIR walks over to the TV and turns a knob. The TV turns on to show a commercial with a highSkool student in the hallways.


Kid: Yesterday, I was just like everyone else. I fit in. But when I woke up this morning I had-


The student turns his head so the viewers can see a hideously large pimple on his face.


'Student:'-A pimple!


The student walks over to a group of highSkoolers, They gasp at the sight of his pimple.


HighSkoolers: Eeew!


The highSkoolers walk away. One of the girls in the group kicks him as she walks away.


Girl: Freak!


Student: Now my life is a hideous montage of humiliation and shame!


Zim gasps. In the commercial, a flash of lightning occurs and then Acne Blast Man appears. The student gasps. Acne Blast Man flies over to the student.


Student: Acne Blast Man!


Acne Blast Man: Yes, it is I, here to restore your social life to its former... glory!


Acne Blast Man shoots electricity out of his hands, causing the pimple to explode in a geyser of pus. The kid falls to the ground, screaming. As soon as he stops screaming, he gets up and feels his now pimple-free face. He pokes where it was to make sure it is gone, and then he smiles. Two girls (who happen to be Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera) walk over to either side of him.


Student: Thanks, Acne Blast Man!


Acne Blast Man winks, gives a thumbs up, and lifts up a tube of Acne Blast.


Zim: I must obtain Acne Blast!


GIR: I got some right here!


GIR opens his chest plate and pulls out a tube of Acne Blast. GIR sticks the tube into his mouth and starts slurping from it. Zim snatches it from him.


Zim: Give me that!


Zim looks into the mirror and starts dabbing the acne blast onto his pimple. The pimple suddenly swells up to the size of a small child's head. The pimple is now clear. The Acne Blast tube gets sucked into the pimple and floats around in the puss. Zim moans.


Zim: That made it worse! GIR, how could you?


Zim looks around, but GIR is nowhere in sight.


Zim: GIR?


Zim lifts up the mirror and gasps. GIR floats around in Zim's pimple. Zim gasps.


Zim: GIR, get out of there!


GIR pops out with the tube of Acne Blast. He sucks on it as he walks away.


Zim: This is so not right! It's jeopardizing everything I've worked for! How can I study this planet if the entire population is staring at my freakishly deformed head?


GIR giggles as he uses a black marker to draw a face on the pimple.


Zim: Stop! Stop! Get away!


Zim hopes off the couch. The pimple bobs up and down, the pus inside it swishing around. GIR bobs his head with the pimple and suddenly becomes hypnotized. His voice goes monotone and his eyes turn swirly.


GIR: Yes, I will stop. I will obey.


Zim: You? Obey? Okay, GIR. Roll over.


GIR jumps onto the floor and rolls over.


GIR: I obey.


GIR rolls back over to Zim and stands up.


Zim: Hmmm...


Zim turns his head away from GIR. GIR breaks away from the trance and dances across the room.


GIR: I'm dancin' like a monkey!


Zim turns around so that his pimple faces GIR again. GIR falls into the trance again. Zim turns his head away and GIR breaks away from the trance. GIR starts dancing again.


GIR: Monkey dance!

Zim faces GIR again. GIR falls into the trance, an image of the pimple bobbing up and down in both of his eyes.


GIR: Obey.


Zim looks into the mirror.


Zim: This hideous blemish appears to have hypnotic powers.


GIR: Hypnotic powers.


Zim watches the pimple bob up and down in the mirror. He goes into a trance and then shakes his head to get out of the trance. GIR goes in and out of the trance as Zim continues to turn his head.


Zim: If it works on humans as well, I may be able to use it to hypnotize Dib into telling me what he knows about my security system. But first, I must disguise it.




Zim enters a storage room of the lab. The lights turn on and Zim walks over to a box labled 'GEARS CIRCUITS HEADLESS BODIES.' Zim grabs the box and pulls out a headless dummy body and attaches it to the pimple. Along with the face that GIR drew on the pimple, the pimple looks like a person attached to Zim's face.


Zim: I will call you... Pustulio! Together we can hypnotize the enemy and bend them to my will!


Zim sniggers. Cut to the Skool playground. Students play on the playground equipment and others play basketball. Mary jump-ropes as Peeyoopi plays hopscotch. Zim hides behind a tree. Zim walks out from behind the tree and goes in front of Peeyoopi. She picks up a rock on the hopscotch court and then hops in place on the hopscotch square.


Zim: Have you met my friend Pustulio? He is visiting from... another place.


Peeyoopi: Ew, he's-


Peeyoopi falls into a trance from looking at Pustulio.


Peeyoopi: -Beautiful. I love him.


Zim walks over to where Mary jump-ropes.


Zim: You, frolicking dirt child. Meet Pustulio.


Mary: Get away from me, you-


Mary falls under a trance from looking at Pustulio.


Mary: -Object of my unsurpassed worship.


Zim walks towards the monkey bars. Peeyoopi and Mary follow behind him, Peeyoopi still hopping and Mary still jump-roping as they walk.


Zim: Pustulio demands your attention!


The kids hanging from the monkey bar look at Zim. He turns around to face them, then he flicks Pustulio so he wobbles around. The kids become hypnotized. Zim, Peeyoopi, and Mary start to leave as all the kids on the monkey bars and playground equipment plummet to the ground in a huge pile, hypnotized.


Lizard Boy: I'm in pain!


Snarl: It is as Pustulio wishes.


Ploopti: Does Pustulio wish for me to pop my spine back into place?


Zim: Yes, very well.


Dib watches from behind a table as Zim leads a long line of hypnotized children towards the Skool entrance. Dib runs by and crouches behind the walkway ledge. Gaz sits on the Skool steps, reading a book called 'Punch Club.' Dib waves a hand in front of Gaz, but she doesn't respond. Dib goes back behind the ledge as Zim walks up to the Skool entrance, standing right next to Gaz. The children gather around. Peeyoopi stops hopping and Mary stops jump-roping.


Zim: You will tell Pustulio everything that Pustulio wants to know! I am Pustulio's official spokesman. Whatever information you give to me will please Pustulio.


Zim looks at Gaz and makes wavy arm gestures.


Zim: Stare deeply into Pustulio, he is your master, he is-


Gaz: Go away.


Zim: Are you sure you don't want to look at Pustulio?


Gaz groans and turns around.


Zim: Come, my filthy stink children. You shall reveal your secrets to Pustulio in the privacy of the classroom.


Zim walks into the Skool. The children follow behind him.


Dib: What's going on, Gaz? What's he up to?


Gaz growls.


Dib: Huh? Huh? Huh? Some sort of hypnosis. It might have something to do with that thing on his head.


Gaz groans and turns away from Dib.


Dib: Someone has to stop Zim before it's too late!


Dib runs into the Skool entrance. Gaz growls again. Dib screams as he bursts through the door of Ms. Bitters' classroom. Dib rolls across the floor and hops onto Ms. Bitters' desk.


Dib: Don't look at that thing on his face! He's using it to control you!


Smolga's voice: Pustulio rocks!


Dib: There is no Pustulio! It's just a pimple! A hypnotic pimple!


Zim: Look at Pustulio.


Dib: Never! I'll never surrender my free will!


Zim: Smackey, hold him!


Dib screams as Torque Smackey leaps into the air and knocks him off of the desk. Torque pins Dib. Dib tries to pull free.


Dib: No, Torque, can't you see it's just-


Torque Smackey: I see only my love for Pustulio.


Torque lifts Dib up and holds him in his grip and brings him over to where Zim is.


Dib: You can't make me look! I'll just shut my eyes.


Dib closes his eyes tightly.


Zim: Oh, you'll open them. You have to breathe sometime.


Dib: No I- Wait...


Dib opens his eyes.


Dib: What do eyes have to do with breathing?


Dib accidentally glances at Pustulio and screams. He falls under the trance.


Dib: I will tell Pustulio everything.


Dib closes his eyes and groans, breaking away from the trance.


Dib: No, must keep control!


Dib falls back under the trance.


Dib: Pustulio is my friend.


Dib closes his eyes and breaks away from the trance.


Dib: He's a pimple! Nothing more than a-


Dib groans and opens one eye.


Dib: I...


Dib goes back into the trance.


Dib: I... I love Pustulio.


Zim: And Pustulio loves you too. Release him, Smackey. He is part of the collective now.


Torque Smackey lets go of Dib.


Zim: Now, tell me. Tell me the flaw in my house's defenses.


Dib: But... I can't... must infiltrate!


Zim: It would make Pustulio happy to know this thing. Don't you want (Zim flicks Pustulio and he wobbles around) to make Pustulio happy?


Dib: Yes... no!


Zim: If you tell me, I'll let you hold Pustulio's little hand.


Zim wiggles Pustulio's hand. In Dib's mind, the classroom breaks apart and disappears, leaving on Zim and Dib standing on the chunks of ground underneath them against a black background. A hypnotic spiral spins behind Zim.


Dib: The weakness is simple. A blind spot...in your gnome field.


The classroom goes back to normal.


Dib: Nothing to stop me from simply tunneling under... house and attaching a spy monitoring system.


Zim laughs evilly.


Zim: Success! Huh?


The pimple suddenly swells up to enormous size, taking up most of the classroom. Zim groans and stumbles around, trying to hold up its weight. It explodes, and a tidal wave of pus shoots out. Pus breaks through the window and sweeps across the playground washing away children such as Billy Slunchy. In the hallways, Matthew P. Mathers III walks towards the door to Ms. Bitters' class when the pus pushes the door off its hinges and into Matthew, forcing him up against the wall. Pus sweeps through the hallway and knocks over kids, including Chunk and Letty. Pus pours out of the Skool entrance. The pus finally stops pouring out. Zim stands in Ms. Bitters classroom which is now wrecked. Lizard Boy sits near an overturned desk, covered in pus. Melvin is stuck to the ceiling because of the pus. Other children lie on the pus-covered ground. Dib floats in the pus on his back. He spits some pus from his mouth.


Zim: Bye Dib, and thanks for the information! I've got a few more lawn gnomes to plant!


Zim walks away.


Peeyoopi: What happened?


Dib stands near a wall. His shadow creeps up the wall and becomes a silhouette of Ms. Bitters. Ms. Bitters emerges from the shadow and walks up to Dib.


Ms. Bitters: Dib, you will not leave Skool grounds until all this mess has been cleaned up.


Dib: Me??? But-


Ms. Bitters: Silence!


Ms. Bitters opens up her hand revealing a tiny bit of sponge. She hands it to Dib. Dib glances over at a full sponge floating next to him in the pus.


Dib: Can't I use that sponge?


Ms. Bitters: No.



Ms. Bitters leaves. Dib stares at the pus-filled classroom.


The Massive hovers above a planet along with some other ships from the Irken fleet. On the main deck, a transmission from Zim plays on a large monitor.

Zim: There were some glitches in the security system, but thanks to my masterful repair skills, they've all been eradicated.

A small child walks behind Zim on the transmission.

Zim: The fortress is now impenetrable, absolutely—

Purple: Um, who's that little person behind you?

Zim: What the-!?!

Zim turns around. The child's mother walks in view.

Mother: There you are! What did I tell you about wandering off like that? Come on!

Small Child: I missed you, mommy!

The mother and her child walk away.

Purple: I'm glad it had a happy ending after all.

Red (In argeement): Me too.

Zim (Embarrassed): Waaah, I'll call you back later!

Zim presses a button and his picture of a green monkey lowers down over the transmission screen he was using to contact the Tallest. Zim walks over to where GIR sits on the floor, in disguise, watching a commercial for the Krazy Taco fast food restaurant.

Zim: GIR, we're going down into the main system core. This much trouble with the security can only mean a defective artificial intelligence brain. I'll have to replace it.

GIR: Tacos!

Zim: Just come on.

GIR jumps into the air, removing his disguise mid-air. He follows Zim into the kitchen. Down below in the main system core, Zim and GIR emerge out of an elevator. They stand on a hover platform which lowers them into the next level. They walk over to a beam of energy coming out of two tubes and going through a sphere.

Zim: Okay, your part is simple, GIR. You just monitor the download conduit while I replace the old AI brain with this new one.

A mechanical arm extends from Zim's Irken utility pack with the replacement AI brain attached to it. Zim grabs the brain from the mechanical arm, which retracts back into his utility pack.

GIR: Taco taco taco!

Zim: All you have to do is watch the data beam for any fluctuations, until the download of the new program is complete.

GIR wiggles his tongue around. Zim sighs.

Zim: Pretend it's a taco!

GIR: Yes sir!

GIR's eyes, shoulder joints, and chest plate turn red. He salutes Zim and looks at the data beam.

Zim: If there are any changes in the data... (sigh) taco beam, just let me know.

Zim jumps into a floorless, anti-gravity area of the main system core and floats over to a small station where the AI brain is. GIR continues watching the data beam. All the red on him turns back to its normal color. His antennae retracts and the top of his head opens up. He sticks an arm inside and pulls out a squeaky toy moose. GIR's head closes back up and his antennae reemerges. He squeezes the moose toy several times and then giggles. Zim removes the AI brain and a control panel displays a countdown starting with 10. GIR continues squeezing the moose toy, but it slides out of his hand and over the data beam. Zim holds the new AI brain over his head.

Zim: Alright, GIR! I'm about to install the new brain!

GIR leans over, trying to grab the moose toy, his head inside the data beam. Zim sticks the new AI brain in the slot where the old one was and presses a few buttons, as the countdown reaches 0. Beams of light shoot from the AI brain and electricity is charged from tubes throughout the main system core. The electricity reaches GIR's head at the data beam as he tries to grab the toy moose and the beams break. Zim screams as electricity shoots from the AI brain. Zim jumps as the AI brain explodes. Zim lands on the platform near GIR who stands motionless. GIR's eyes are black and his shoulder joints, antennae tip and chest plate are gray.

Zim: GIR! What did you do? Sleeping!?! All you had to do was just... GIR?

Zim pokes GIR in the back of the head. GIR falls over.

Zim: Broken. Can you hear me? Oh, I'll have to go upstairs and get another brain for the house and then I'll fix you.

Zim picks GIR up and carries him over to the hover platform. It lifts them up into the next level and they approach an elevator.

Zim: Elevator, take me to the storage level.

The computer makes a whirring noise.

Zim: Elevator, I said—

GIR's Voice: Saaaay pleeeease!

Zim: GIR, quit messing around. We have to get the house's computer back online before—

GIR's Voice Where's my moose?:

Zim: Wait a minute, you're in the house's computer?

GIR's Voice: Uh huh.

Zim: You're the new brain?

GIR's Voice: I guess so.

Zim: GIR! Get out of there right now and back into your own body!

Zim throws GIR's lifeless body onto the floor.

GIR's Voice: Okay, sheesh, lemme see, hmmm...

GIR grunts a couple of times.

GIR's Voice: I can't.

Zim: Hmmm... The data conduit is damaged. You're trapped in there until we can repair it.

GIR's Voice: Ooooh!

GIR controls a robotic arm and makes it squeeze his toy moose as he giggles.

Zim: GIR! We need to concentrate here! As we speak our defenses—

GIR's Voice: Boring!

The robotic arm drops the moose toy.

GIR's voice: Oooooh!

The robotic arm goes over to Zim and grabs him, lifting the poor Irken off the ground. Zim groans as the robotic arm squeezes him several times.

Zim: GIR, what are you doing!?! Put me down, GIR! Wah, stop! Oh, ow, my organ! (Makes a fart noise)

GIR giggles. Zim grunts as he forces his way out of the claw's grip. He backs up towards the elevator, but more and more robotic arms emerge. Zim pries the elevator open and squeezes his way in. The door clamps back shut behind him. Inside the elevator, GIR's voice is heard singing along to elevator music. Zim presses up against the wall, breathing heavily.

Zim: Now take me to the equipment room, GIR! Equipment room! Now, GIR!

GIR's Voice: Do a little dance!

Zim: No, GIR! No dance! Just obey me!

GIR's Voice: Daaance!

A compartment on the ceiling of Zim's elevator opens, revealing a speaker playing elevator music. GIR goes back to singing along with the elevator music.

Zim: No!

Zim puts his hands to where his ears would be.

Zim: GIR!

Zim disdainfully starts dancing and sings along with GIR's voice.

GIR's Voice: Yay! Now we go up!

Zim screams as he is pushed up against the floor when the elevator rises at a higher speed. Zim is launched out of the toilet in his kitchen and into the ceiling. He falls back down and hits his head on the toilet.

Zim: GIR, you sent the elevator up too far! I'm up in the house, I needed to go to the equipment room!

GIR's Voice: Wooah, what's this do!?!

Out of the wall, a blender emerges attached to a robotic arm. The blender turns on. The oven bounces around, opening and closing.

GIR's Voice: I'm gonna make toast!

Out of the floor, a toaster attached to a mechanical arm lifts up and aims at Zim. It launches two pieces of toast at him, which bounce off his face.

Zim: GIR! I am ordering you to take me to the equipment room!

GIR makes all the appliances in the kitchen open and close.

GIR's Voice: Aw, don't be sad, master. I know what'll make you feel better.

Zim: It would make me feel better to have this house back to normal! And to have you listen to me for once!

GIR's voice: Uh huh... But how about some of this?

A bunch of hovering monitor screen playing old cartoons and other stuff swarm Zim.

Zim: He's got to run himself out eventually. I'll just wait. I can outlast him.

The words "ONE YEAR LATER" appear on screen. Zim stands in his living room, with all of the hovering monitor screens around him along with the mechanical arms. In the kitchen, the appliances are still opening and closing. Zim's eye twitches. Zim screams.

Zim: The madness! The madness! GIR, let me down bellow so that I can make everything normal again!

One hovering monitor screen shows a commercial for the Krazy Taco fast food restaurant, depicting a man dressed in a taco suit.

GIR's Voice: Tacos!

Krazy Taco Man: So take it from me, the Krazy Taco! You won't find a crazier taco then the ones you'll find at the Krazy Taco! Remember, our Drive-Thru's open the whole niiight! Sweet jumpin' chili bean I'm crazy!

The hovering monitors float away, including one that playing the Scary Monkey Show (with the Scary Monkey picking its nose).

GIR's voice: Must obey the taco man!

The house starts shaking.

Zim: What's happening!?! What is this!?!

GIR's voice: Taaaacooos!

Zim walks over to the front window and sees mechanical tentacles burst out of the lawn. The satellite on the top of the house folds up and retracts. The house moves back and forth, pulling on the mechanical tentacles attached to the neighboring houses. The mechanical tentacles retract from a neighbor's room where a neighbor sits on a chair watching TV who was previously seen in the first episode. The house spreads apart into two sections and then lists up, revealing robotic legs. The house now has a vague dog shape as it breaks away from some mechanical tentacles linking it to the ground. The house walks into the center of the street and then shakes off mud. The mud completely covers some pedestrians, including a man walking his spooky Chihuahua. Zim screams and falls backwards. GIR cheers as he makes the house run along the street. It knocks a tree down as it runs by. Zim screams and then crawls back to the window.

Zim (speaking with an accent): Sweet jumpin' chili bean!

GIR's Voice: I'M GONNA GET ME SOME Of THESE TACOS!

Zim: GIR, you have to go back! The base is exposed! You'll blow our cover! Turn back while we're still unnoticed!

Zim screams as he rolls backwards into the kitchen. He gets up and goes to a window in the kitchen. He sees the GIR house jump through a house that is for sale (which is rumored to be Jhonen Vasquez's house). Cut to a man in a telephone booth talking to someone about his new car, which is parked right outside the booth.

Man: Yeah, I just got it and man do I love it! I'm gonna drive all night and then I'm gonna keep on driving until it's night some more! Oh yeah!

GIR's squeals can be heard. Suddenly, the foot of the GIR house crashes down on the new car, destroying it. The man in the phone booth keeps his cool and dials another number.

Man: Police! I'd like to report a... giant house that flew out of the sky and destroyed my car! Okay, thank you!

The man hangs up, smiling. He stands there for a moment, then bursts out screaming and flails his arms wildly. A large black cop and a skinny lobotomized cop drive in a cop car when they get a report on the radio.

Police Radio: Be on the look out for a giant mobile home rampaging through the downtown area.

Large Cop: Can mobile homes rampage?

Lobotomized Cop: Must be one of them new ones!

As the cop car drives off, behind them the GIR house runs by followed by a trail of cops.

Zim: I don't think you understand how serious this is! Tacos are not worth ruining the mission. I am your master, and you will obey me! OBEY MEE!

Zim gets down on his knees.

Zim: Pleeease?

The GIR house stops.

GIR's Voice: Maybe you're right. Maybe I'll get a giant burrito too.

The GIR house starts running again. A gas truck swerves out of the way but the GIR house leaps on top of it, crushing it and letting gasoline spill into the streets. The GIR house stands on its hind legs and waves its fore legs in the air.

GIR's Voice: BUUUURRRRIIIITTOOO!

The GIR house leaps away, causing a lamp to fall from a lamp post in the street. It hits the ground and sets the gasoline on fire, creating a large explosion as the cops pull up to it. Officer Pambrey emerges from one of the cop cars and the flames reflect from his glasses. He removes his glasses.

Officer Pambrey: Get him!

Cut to the Krazy Taco fast food restaurant. In the kitchen of the restaurant, an employee pulls a hand full of fries out of a bin he just dipped in hot grease. He sticks the hand full of fries into his mouth, which heats up his face. An employee tosses a freshly made taco into a laundry shoot type fixture. An employee at the counter puts the taco on a tray and serves it to a customer. The customer sniffs it and groans. Another employee takes orders from the drive through with a pair of headphones. Zim can be heard screaming at GIR in the background.

Employee: Thanks for coming to Krazy Taco, may I take your order please? Sir, that's two large tacos, a burrito and a medium GIR, take us back to the base right now, do you want a drink with that?

Zim: I am your master! GIR! Take us back! GIR!

Zim continues yelling orders as the GIR house leans its head towards the speaker.

GIR's Voice: What kinda drinks ya got?

Employee: We got new poop, classic poop, diet poop, cherry poop and salty lemonade.

GIR's Voice: Gimme a large classic poop.

Zim groans as he hears police sirens. He peers out of the window and sees cop cars approaching.

Employee: Pick up your order at the first window.

The first window has a taco shell covering over it. The GIR house crouches down to fit under it and crawls along, but it ends up breaking the shell. The employee holds their order in a bag outside tge window and into the window of the GIR house.

Employee: Here you go, sir.

GIR's voice: I love the little tacos. I love them good.

Zim, who has been out of disguise the whole time, grabs the bag containing GIR's order.

Employee: Have a nice day.

Zim pulls out a wad of cash.

Zim: Shut your noise tube, taco human!

He throws the cash in the employee's face, but the employee doesn't react at all.

Zim: GIR.

GIR's Voice: Yes master?

Zim: GIR, I have your tacos!

GIR's Voice Gimme!

The employee places GIR's soda on the window ledge.

Zim: No, GIR.

The employee slowly lowers from the window.

GIR's Voice: But I neeeeed tacos! I need them or I will explode! That happens to me sometimes!

Zim: I will give you tacos! Oh, such tacos will I give! But you have to take us back to the base! They're only getting colder, GIR!

Some cop cars pull up, then a heap load more pull up behind them. From the back of the GIR house, jets emerge. GIR squeals as he hops into the pileup of cop cars, sending them flying. Officer Pambrey maneuvers his way around in his cop car and chases after the GIR house. The GIR house leaps over the City Center Mall, but the few cop cars that are chasing it crash into the front of the mall, knocking off some letters. A lot of the neighborhood houses are wrecked and smoking as the GIR house walks over to its spot. It folds back into a house and reconnects to the mechanical tentacles in the ground. It sends its own mechanical tentacles back into the neighboring houses. The neighbor seen earlier is hammering a plank of wood onto the spot where the tentacles came through, but the tentacles burst through the plank of wood and knock him to the floor. The satellite reemerges from the house and unfolds. On the inside of the house, GIR controls a mechanical arm making it bang a taco against the walls as he groans.

GIR's Voice: Where's my mouth!?!

Zim: Are you going to cooperate, GIR? It's time we fixed all of this mess and got you back to normal!

GIR's Voice: Okey dokey.

The mechanical arm goes over to Zim and hands him the taco.

Zim: Thank you, GIR! Now, take me to the equipment room!

The floor under Zim lowers. Cut to the Massive, where the Almighty Tallest receive another transmission from Zim.

Zim: There were a few problems, some glitches here and there, but despite these minor mishaps, everything is normal again.

GIR sits in the background, out of disguise, wearing a Krazy Taco hat and eating a taco.

Zim: If possible, things are even more normal now than they ever were.

GIR moves off screen. Cut to the neighbor's house, where the neighbor sits in his chair with a mechanical tentacle latched to his forehead. It unlatches then speeds at the camera.


Inside the Membrane studios, an episode of "Probing the Membrane of Science" is being recorded in front of a live studio audience. The title of the show appears and then fades out shortly afterwards.

Announcer: And now for adventures in science, with Professor Membrane!

The camera zooms up on Prof. Membrane. The audience cheers. Kids scream happily and women in the audience hold up signs declaring their adoration for Prof. Membrane. One child activates a jetpack and shoots up into the ceiling as he cheers.

Announcer: Professor...?

Prof. Membrane: Thanks again to Doctor Faulky and his miserably failed attempt at a better cold fusion! Now, let's take a question from the audience.

A child in the audience stands on a risen platform. A microphone attached to a mechanical arm goes over to him. Cameras come down from the ceiling and focus on the child. The "Jeopardy" question theme plays.

Child: My mommy makes me eat Breakfast Chunks for breakfast. But I hate them! I HATE THEM SO MUCH!!! Could I go back in time and stop them from ever being invented?

Prof. Membrane: I'm glad you asked that! Altering the past to effect the present is theoretically possible. A floating monitor screen like the one Prof. Membrane used in "Parent Teacher Night" hovers up beside him, displaying a child at breakfast with a bowl containing one large breakfast chunk. He bangs on the chunk with his spoon, but nothing happens. He gnaws on the chunk, but to no avail.

Prof. Membrane: You could prevent Walton Chunky (the monitor screen shows an image of Walton Chunky holding a box of Breakfast Chunks) from ever inventing Breakfast Chunks by using temporal object replacement technology!

The monitor screen shows the words 'Past: Walton' in the corner while showing a clip of Walton Chunky at the dump next to a car crushing machine. A sack of Bran lays next to him.

Prof. Membrane: See, there's Walton Chunky in the past-

Walton Chunky grabs a handful of bran from the sack next to him.

Prof. Membrane: -and, uh, I guess he worked in a garbage dump or something. And, there's a big sack of bran, I guess.

Walton Chunky pulls a lever and a machine crushes a car into a block shape.

Prof. Membrane: But here's where he gets the idea for Breakfast Chunks.

Walton Chunky shapes the fistful of bran into a block shape.

Prof. Membrane: Oh, look, he's happy. Using a space/time transfer device, (the monitor goes into static) we replace an object from the past with an object from the present and stop this moment from ever happening.

The monitor shows some scientists in a mad science lab with the words 'Present: Science Lab' in the corner.

Prof. Membrane: See? They're the scientists! And they're sending a horrible giant squid into the past!

A one-eyed giant squid in a large biojar moves on a conveyor belt into a time portal. The temporal replacement kicks in as the sack of bran next to Walton Chunky disappears and is replaced by the giant squid. Walton Chunky screams as the squid wraps its tentacles around him and pulls Walton towards itself. The monitor goes into static.

Prof. Membrane: But be careful: if the Breakfast Cube was never invented, tasty breakfast squids would sweep the nation!

The monitor shows the same child who was trying to eat the Breakfast Chunk. The temporal changes being put in force, the chunk in his bowl disappears and the word 'chunk' on the box turns to 'squid'. The child cheers, but then two tentacles emerge from his bowl and latch onto the boy's head, turning his joy into terror. The boy tries to pull back against the squid's force and falls backwards, pulling the squid out of the bowl. The monitor then goes static.

Prof. Membrane: Further unpredictable effects would arise as a result of mankind's foolish altering of the timeline!

The monitor shows a giant fish in a bear suit lumbering through a city with the words 'Present: Tokyo' in the corner.

Prof. Membrane: ... Like this giant fish in a bear suit! He would be horrible! Look at him go!

The giant fish in a bear suit walks up to a skool bus.

Prof. Membrane: The consequences would be disastrous!

It lifts the bus above its head. A child falls out of the bus and screams as he plummets into the fish's mouth.

Prof. Membrane: So, despite the temptation, altering the time line is more foolish than productive!

The words 'Present: Membrane' appear in the corner.

Prof. Membrane: Anybody who would build a space/time object replacement device is a complete moron!

The word "moron" is echoed as we see that Zim has built a space/time object replacement device in his lab, despite Prof. Membrane's better judgment... and which makes Zim the perfect moron, as he is about to find out soon. Zim pops up holding a wrench.

Zim: GIR! The space/time object replacement device is ready!

GIR, who is out of disguise, plays with a rubber piggy toy as if it were a toy airplane, making it fly through the air and making his own sound effects and then giggles. Zim presses some buttons on a control panel and a monitor attached to the side of the space time object replacement device shows some kids punching a wobbling alien toy with the words 'Past: Dib' in the corner. The children laugh. Further up the street from the children, a younger Dib pulls up in a tricycle. A younger Gaz stands behind him wearing a bow.

Younger Dib: An alien! Stand back! I'll get it!

Dib rides his tricycle towards the children.

Younger Gaz: Not again.

The monitor attached to the space time object replacement device shows a freeze frame of Dib riding his tricycle.

Zim: There! Dib in the past. So unknowing. So unprepared. Back before he was ever a threat to our mission, GIR!

Zim walks over to a control panel. Steam releases from a device attached to the ceiling. Zim pulls a lever on the control panel. The bottom of the device detaches from the rest of it and hovers down, serving as a platform for a hunter destroyer machine.

GIR: Ooooooooooooooh!

Zim: A Hunter-Destroyer ma--

GIR: What is it?!

Zim: A Hunter-Destroy--

GIR: What is it?!?!

Zim: A Hunter-Destroyer machine, programmed to target the Earthboy in the past, to ensure that he will not be a problem to us in the present.

Zim walks back to the control panel for the space time object replacement device. The hunter destroyer machine starts moving around in the background. A monitor attached to the space time object replacement device shows Dib as a younger child vs. the hunter destroyer machine = a victorious Zim with a crown and a flag that has a picture of Earth on it - basically, Zim's equation of his latest plan of doom. Zim presses buttons on the control panel.

GIR: Wait, if you destroyed Dib in the past, then he won't ever be your enemy, (short circuits) then you won't have to send a robot back to destroy him, and then he will be your enemy so you will have to send a robot back--

Complex temporal paradoxes can do a number to one's head, as GIR's goes BOOM! His body falls over, smoking. (Thank goodness for spare parts.) Zim presses more buttons on the control panel. The hunter destroyer machine approaches the time portal opening.

Zim: Now, to unleash screaming temporal doom!

The hunter destroyer machine goes into the portal, but is immediately shot back out. Cue the reason:

Computer: Object not compatible with temporal field.

Zim groans.

Zim: "Not compatible"?! Is this thing just completely useless?! "Not compatible"!

Zim grabs GIR's rubber piggy and chucks it. It bounces off of the overturned Hunter-Destroyer machine and - much to Zim's surprise - goes into the time portal. The rest is altered history...

Computer: Object accepted! Temporal displacement in process!

Zim: Huh?

The monitor attached to the space time object replacement device shows the same clip from the past as earlier, with the small children punching the blow-up alien toy.

Dib: An alien! Stand back, I'll get it!

Dib rides his tricycle towards the children.

Dib: Beware, alien, I'm gonna--

The space/time replacement tech does its magic as the tricycle is suddenly replaced with GIR's rubber piggy. Dib still moves his legs in a pedaling motion, pedaling with the rubber piggy's feet. Dib crashes into the ground and screams as he bounces into a tree. He hits the tree so hard, bark from the other side of the tree falls off. Ouch.

Dib: Take... that...

The monitor goes into static. Cut to Dib's house in the present. Gaz sits on the couch watching a strange show on TV showing a goblin thing wearing a wig like Zim's while flames roar behind it. Dib walks in holding an empty box of Count Coco Fang cereal.

Dib: Hey Gaz, did you eat all the cereal? (Dib shakes the empty box upside down) I was gonna have this for breakfast tomorrow, you know!

Gaz: You think you own all the cereal. Well, you know what Dib? You don't. You just don't.

Dib: Look, all I'm saying is if you're going to--

The temporal consequences kick in as a flash of light occurs, and suddenly, Dib appears weaker, with bumps on his face. A tooth falls out of his mouth. His voice changes too.

Dib: What was I saying? Gaz, have I always sounded thisth funny?

Gaz: Long as I've known you.

Dib: And have I alwaysth had thisth claw for a hand?

Dib lifts up his right arm, which has a metal claw in place of a hand.

Gaz: Tricycle accident when you were 3, don't you remember?

Dib: Hmmm... now that you mention it, I do.

The TV changes to a commercial for Bloaty's Pizza Hog, a man in a morbidly obese pig suit with flies buzzing around him. Bloaty drools as he talks. He holds a pizza. Various cheeses are behind him. The words 'Bloatys Pizza Hog' are written above him. The voices of children chanting 'Bloaty's Pizza Hog' can be heard in the background.

Bloaty: Heeey! You eat the pizza!

Bloaty holds the pizza up to the camera, showing that it has various pig parts on it as toppings. Dib stares horrified, no thanks to the altered past. Zim watches from the monitor attached to the time space object replacement device.

Dib: The pig... it haunts me...

Zim: Fascinating! Not the same as the Hunter-Destroyer plan, but I might be able to rid myself of Dib after all!

Tears stream from GIR's eyes. A rare sight on a robot, that.

GIR: Whyyy?!?!

GIR pounds the floor.

GIR: Why, my piggy?!?! I love-ed you, piggy! I love-ed you!

The monitor attached to the space time object replacement device cuts from Dib to a news report, with the words 'Present: News' in the corner of the screen.

Newscaster: And in other news, giant fish people are rampaging through the city.

Another monitor attached to the space time object replacement device shows a giant fish in a bear suit among buildings holding up a sign that says 'HI MOM!' on it - exactly what Prof. Membrane warned everyone about. The words 'Present: Tokyo' are in the corner of the screen. The fish growls. The monitor cuts to Dib in the past wearing a hover helmet. This is a few years after the tricycle incident. The words 'Past: Dib' are again in the corner. He and Gaz are outside. Dib adjusts the hover helmet.

Gaz: You're gonna get in trouble as soon as Dad finds out you took his hover-helmet!

Dib: I'll put it right back!

The hover-helmet beeps and then starts rumbling.

Dib: I just wanna see if I can make it into space with this thing!

The hover-helmet lifts up, pulling Dib with it. It makes Dib bump into the same tree as earlier and then lifts him above the neighborhood.

Zim: GIR! Another pig!

GIR walks over to a control panel and presses some buttons. A panel on the floor next to him opens up and light pours out. A pig hovers out of the open panel. GIR grabs the pig and walks over to Zim. He cries, then holds his head down and holds the pig out to Zim.

Dib: Wow! I can spy on a family of Nosferatus who just moved in down the street!

With a flash of light, the hover-helmet is replaced with a rubber piggy strapped to Dib's head. Dib screams as he plummets towards the ground. Temporal displacement strikes again. Gaz has a spot of chocolate on face as she is eating a candy bar.

Gaz: Wow!

Dib crashes in the neighbor's lawn. The rubber piggy bounces out and lands next to Gaz's feet. Cut to the present. Gaz sits on the couch sucking on a sucker while watching a TV program showing some bats flying above a cow. Dib walks up wearing a cloak.

Dib: So anyhow, I was thinking I'd try one of Dad's old cloaking jackets and go spy on Zim's houthse!

Gaz: Dib, shhh. They're gonna show the bats eating a cow!

The sound of the cow wailing as it is being eaten is heard.

Dib: Whatever. I'm gonna sthneak up past those giant gnomesth--

Dib peers through a handheld camera device. Suddenly, a flash of light occurs. Dib becomes weaker, no thanks to Zim wreaking pig-related havoc to his past. His hair is disheveled and more teeth are missing. He has a large vein running across his head. He talks slowly as if he is always out of breath. A machine attached to his back pumps air into him through tubes attached to his neck. He is also no longer wearing the cloak. Instead of holding the binoculars, he is holding a piece of paper.

Dib: --and leave a... nahsty message note (Dib stumbles on his words)... and leave a nasty note on his door. Gaz... have I always had these tubes in my neck?

Dib pulls on the tubes.

Gaz: Hover-helmet accident when you were 6. Punched a hole through it in the sewer system, don't you remember?

Dib: *sigh* And have my plans always been this lame?

Gaz: Ooooh yeah.

Dib: And these... (eye twitches) visions of pigs... in my head... What's with these pigs?!

Cut to Zim's lab. The tricycle is there, along with the hover helmet, which is on a pedestal and is smoking. A few empty canisters lay on the ground. Zim holds one of them, peering into it.

Zim: Hmmm... hmmmm.... More piggies, GIR! I demand more piggies!

GIR runs up and hands Zim a piggy. Zim eyes GIR suspiciously and holds a hand out to GIR. GIR's antennae retracts and his head open up, then hundreds of rubber piggies shoot out and fill the lab. GIR giggles shamefully.

Zim: No! These are for science!

Zim holds up a rubber piggy.

Zim: Science!

GIR's antennae bends to the side and his eyes water.

Zim: Okaaay.

GIR smiles and then dives into the pile of rubber piggies.

Zim: Now...

Zim walks over to the time space object replacement device.

Zim: ...back to my filthy evil, I guess.

Zim presses some buttons on the control panel. A monitor attached to the time space object replacement device shows a Bigfoot child climbing to the top of a playground structure, obviously fleeing from Dib. Dib climbs towards the Bigfoot child. The words 'Past: Dib' are written in the corner. Dib holds the camera and clings to the bars of the playground device with his claw hand.

Dib: It's a Bigfoot baby! I know it!

Bigfoot Child: Leave me alone!

The Bigfoot child makes it to the top of the playground structure.

Dib: Nobody has ever gotten footage this close before!

The Bigfoot child makes a moaning noise.

Bigfoot Child: I'm a regular kid! I just want to eat grubs!

Dib: Eat your grubs, Sasquatch!

While Dib is looking through the camera, Zim's time-changing shenanigans does more damage as a flash of light occurs and the camera is replaced with a rubber piggy. Dib screams. He loses his grip and falls to the ground. Electricity from the broken oxygen pack on his back surges through him. Cut to the present. Dib walks down the street towards Zim's house with the nasty note in his hand. As he walks, the flash of light occurs and he becomes weaker and weaker, even balder, with more veins on his face and veiny eyes. GIR walks out of the house, out of disguise, singing and holding a rubber piggy.

GIR: Doo dee doo doo doo, doo doo doo doo, doo dee doo dee doo, doo.

Dib makes it to the front lawn of Zim's house just as GIR is leaving. Dib screams, dropping the nasty note. GIR screams as well, throwing the rubber piggy into the air. Dib screams again. GIR screams again. GIR runs off into the house. Dib looks at the rubber piggy and growls. Zim presses buttons on the control panel of the time space object replacement device when he hears pounding on the front door.

Dib's voice: Zim! Zim!

GIR watches from the window as Dib lies on the ground in front of his front door, pounding on it.

Dib: I know you're behind the piggies, Zim! I don't know how, but I know that it's you! Rubber piggies have ruined my life, and it's all been you!

Zim laughs.

Zim: So close to victory.

A monitor attached to the time space object replacement device shows Dib, close to Death's door, in the past, directly after he fell trying to tape the big foot child. He is on the ground, and the paramedics are next to him. His oxygen pack is broken in half and lies nearby. A small crowd of people are gathered around. A paramedic crouched next to Dib holds defibrillator charge pads, ready to use them on Dib for one last ditch revival.

Paramedic: Come on, kid! If I lose one more patient today, I'm gonna get written off!

Dib opens his eyes weakly.

Paramedic: Clear!

Suddenly, the charge pads get replaced with two rubber piggies, courtesy of Zim.

Paramedic: Come on, kid!

The paramedic presses the piggies onto Dib's chest, causing more pain than good.

Paramedic: Clear!

The paramedic rams the piggies into Dib's chest again.

Paramedic: Oh, stay with me! STAY WITH ME!!!

Dib's eyes close... perhaps this is the end of the road for Zim's Earthenoid rival. A monitor attached to the space/time object replacement device that shows Dib's history, heartbeat, and lifeline shows all three lines go flat, signaling his presumed final death. A machine lowers from the ceiling of Zim's lab and dispenses a drink for him to commemorate the Irken exile's victory. Zim takes a sip of the drink.

Zim: Aaah.... foolish Earth creature.

Zim walks over to an elevator shaft. A hovering platform lifts him up. As Zim rises up to the next level, the lines show life again - looks like Zim underestimated Time itself, and is about to suffer the consequences. Dib, fetched from Death's doorstep in the nick of time, weakly opens his eyes. A monitor attached to the space time object replacement device shows an urgent news report with Prof. Membrane in the past, with the words 'Past: Dib' in the corner.

Prof. Membrane: Since my son's skeleton was accidentally crushed by a paramedic in a freak piggy accident, I have created the new MegaBoy 3000 (Prof. Membrane lifts up a small model of the MegaBoy 3000) fusion-powered titanium exoskeleton! It will give him the strength of ten thousand little boys!

Zim rises out of the toilet, sipping his drink. Suddenly, the house shakes and Zim drops his drink.

Dib's voice: You will pay for ruining my childhood, Zim! YOU! WILL!! PAY!!!

Zim: That last piggy should have reduced him to nothing! What happened?!?! Where did history go wrong?!?!

Zim goes back down through the toilet. Dib bursts through the wall of Zim's house in the MegaBoy 3000. The lawn gnomes fire defensive LASERs at Dib as he walks into the house - to no effect. GIR stands in the kitchen doorway, holding a piggy. He is dumbstruck at the sight of Dib in the MegaBoy 3000. His antennae droops down.

Dib: My whole life has been a miserable pig-filled ordeal because of you!

Dib punches a picture of Zim and GIR in their disguises that is on a shelf.

Dib: You can hide, Zim, but you can't... hide!

Zim hurls rubber piggies into the time portal at a constant rate.

Zim: There must be some way of stopping him, some point in time where he's still vulnerable to the piggy!

As Zim throws piggies in, unfortunately, that only made Dib stronger as rays and missiles suddenly appear on the MegaBoy 3000 exoskeleton thanks to temporal alteration, until Dib's exoskeleton becomes a fully-armed-to-the-teeth battlesuit.

Dib: Prepare for destruction!

Dib launches a motherload of rockets and missiles. GIR screams and runs, the missiles coming right behind him. He jumps into the toilet just in time. He screams as he falls into the lab, fires blazing behind him. He rolls up behind Zim, holding the rubber piggy. Zim turns around and grabs the piggy.

Zim: Only one left! Noooooo!

GIR: Yay-- we're doomed!

The lab shakes as Dib pounds his way into it from the upper layer.

Zim: Wait! There may be one last chance!

Zim presses some buttons on the control panel.

Zim: I have to warn myself in the past to never use this time machine!

The monitor attached to the space time object replacement device shows when the hunter destroyer machine was first being sent into the time portal. The words 'past: Zim' are in the corner.

Zim: Now, to unleash screaming temporal doom!

Zim hums as he writes something on the rubber piggy. Dib bursts in from the ceiling above.

Dib: And now, Zim! This is for tampering with the past! This is for the pigs!

Dib raises the fist of the Mega Boy 3000. Zim tosses the piggy into the time portal. Dib swings his fist towards Zim.

Dib: Enjoy your last moment--

Suddenly, with a flash (you see Bloody GIR in the middle of the portal), Dib is back to normal. He stands outside of Dib's front door holding a camera.

Dib: --of privacy! Soon the world will see-- wait a minute. Have I always been like this? Yes, I have, haven't I? My whole life! Good old Dib-like Dib!

Two of the lawn gnomes turn around to face Dib then they slide towards him with their arms outstretched.

Dib: Wuh-hey!!

The lawn gnomes grab Dib by his feet and drag him away.

Dib: Hey, wait a minute! Hey!

The lawn gnomes drag him off screen and then the sound of them punching Dib as he shouts can be heard. Cut to Zim's lab.

GIR: It's like none of it ever happened! Where did the last piggy go?

Zim groans and drools, then lifts up his brain. The words 'one hour earlier' appear. The hunter destroyer machine approaches the time portal opening. Zim presses more buttons on the control panel.

Zim: Now, to unleash screaming temporal doom!

Suddenly, a flash of light occurs and Zim's arms go all wiggly as he drools and groans. Cut to an x-ray view of Zim's head, where we see that the rubber piggy is in his head in place of his brain. Zim's voice reads what is written on the rubber piggy.

Zim's voice: ZIM! Don't use the time machine! Love, ZIM!


Pan to Zim's house. Zim sits in the spherical room in his underground lab, out of disguise. Monitor screens show camera views of students from the skool. Zim presses some buttons on a control panel. One shows Zita sipping from a water fountain. Some show a girl on the swings. Some show Matthew P. Mathers III and Keef on the jungle gym. Some show Penny reading a book. Some show Rob and Melvin in the cafeteria. Some show Jessica and Aki talking in a hallway. Zim watches a recording of himself playing dodgeball with various kids in the playground. Brian passes the ball to a kid and the kid passes the ball to Zim. Zim lets the ball bounce off of him. It rolls over to a kid who throws it at Zim, knocking Zim down. Zim grunts. The kids form a circle around Zim. The kids then point and laugh at Zim. Another monitor shows a recording of Trish waving. Zim walks up to Trish who frowns, then pulls back her lower eyelid with one finger and blows a raspberry at Zim. Zim watches a recording of Torque Smackey pushing him out of the way, then grinning. Zim watches a recording of himself walking down a skool hallway. Necky sticks his foot out and trips Zim. Zim yelps. Zim watches a recording of Smolga offering him a lick of her ice cream. Zim takes a lick and screams and then falls to the ground. Smolga laughs. Zim watches a recording of himself walking through the cafeteria with a tray of food. A large splat of food flies through the air and hits Zim in the back of the head, making him fall forward into his own tray of food. Dib pops into view, grinning and giving a thumbs-up.

Dib: Hehe.

Zim watches a recording of himself being tied to the tetherball pole by the tether, compliments of Dib. Zim watches a recording of Dib kicking him between the legs.

Dib: Ya!

Zim's eyes water and his wig falls off. Zim watches a recording of himself sitting on a bench holding a device. Dib pours a bucket of water over Zim. Zim drops the device and runs away, screaming and smoking. Dib hangs by a branch.

Dib: What's your home planet's name, Zim? Come on, Zim, tell me! I'll find out everything about you sooner or later! I'll find out everything...

Zim stops the recording.

Zim: No, I don't think you will, Dib. I don't think you will!

Cut to Ms. Bitters' classroom.

Ms. Bitters: So, right around there, a negative stigma was attached to the idea of surviving on human flesh. Still, there were isolated groups of zombies that-

Dib raises his hand.

Ms. Bitters: Yes, Dib?

Dib: Ms. Bitters... Zim's trip to the restroom has lasted a reeeaalll long time!

Ms. Bitters: I recall you spending quite a long time in there recently as well.

Ms. Bitters leans forward over her desk towards Dib.

Dib: That was corn-and-mayonnaise day!

Ms. Bitters: Oh, that's no excuse!

Dib: He's up to something. I just know it!

Ms. Bitters growls. The door to Ms. Bitters' class opens and Zim stands in the doorway.

Zim: Ahhh... MY BUSINESS... is DONE!

Zim walks to his desk.

Dib: Who takes three hours to go to the bathroom before lunch, Zim?

Zim slams a hand down on his desk.

Zim: Nonsense! I had much to do!

Zim turns around and shakes a fist at Zita.

Zim: SOOO MUCH!!

GIR's voice plays on the intercom. Dib looks up, surprised.

GIR: Greetings, children of Earth! This is your new skool announcer! A special surprise mandatory field trip is happening for the following lucky children: Morla-

Morla grins.

GIR: Flan-

Flan squeals and waves his arms.

GIR: Retch Rutchie-

Retch Rutchie makes ape noises while pounding his desk.

GIR: Everyone in Ms. Bitters'... (the class starts cheering and throwing books into the air) class except for Zim. And especially Dib.

Dib's eyes widen.

GIR: All these children get to go to a special place made entirely of food. I like food. Now check this out!

GIR starts beat-boxing into the intercom. Zim twiddles his thumb and then pulls out a remote control device. He presses a button and the intercom shuts off.

Ms. Bitters: Go, all of you, go!

Ms. Bitters points to the door. The students start running out, cheering.

Kid: Field trips rock!

Dib walks up to Zim and then looks back to Ms. Bitters.

Dib: What about Zim? Why isn't he going?

Zim: I guess I'm just not smart enough.

Zim grips his head and makes a stupid look. Chunk laughs and then smacks Zim in the back of the head.

Chunk: Yeah... Stupid. Doi!

Chunk crosses his eyes and sticks his tongue out, making stupid noises as he walks out the door.

Zim: It hurts me to see all you... dirty monsters go off to have so much fun. I guess I'll just have to stay and study harder.

Zim pulls out a book and a ruler. He moves the ruler around the open book and it makes electronic noises.

Dib: Watch him closely, Ms. Bitters.

Ms. Bitters growls. The students get onto a strange looking bus. Dib is the last one on. He looks around and gasps as he sees the bus door seal. Dib turns around and sees a door at the front of the bus. He looks into a small window on the door.

Dib: When did they start putting the driver behind a door?

The bus engine starts running and Dib walks back to find a seat. Dib takes a seat between Spoo and Rob.

Rob: Oh, man! He's sitting near us!

Spoo and Rob get up and walk to the back.

Dib: Okay, I know what you're gonna say, but I think there's something seriously wrong about this whole surprise field trip thing.

Sara: You are so weird.

Cut to Ms. Bitters' class. All the desks are empty except for Zim's.

Ms. Bitters: Now, pull out your text book and begin memorizing the copy right information. You will be quizzed on this!

Zim raises his hand.

Zim: Ms. Bitters, I have a (stands up) MIGHTY NEED to use the restroom once again.

Ms. Bitters: Okay, but that's your last restroom break for the rest of the skool year.

Zim salutes and runs out of the classroom. Zim runs into the bathroom where the sound of GIR beat-boxing can be heard. Zim walks into one of the restroom stalls. He holds up the remote control.

Zim: I shut it off, GIR. It worked.

GIR sits on the toilet in his dog disguise holding a microphone-like device up to his face and beat-boxing into it. The microphone device is attached by a mechanical arm to a device attached to the stall wall.

Zim: Let's go home.

Zim pulls on part of the device attached to the stall wall and it compacts, taking the microphone device with it. GIR hops off of the toilet.

Zim: Phase 2 is under way.

GIR: That's my favorite phase!

The device attached to the stall wall starts glowing red. Red light fills the stall and Zim and GIR disappear.

Zim's voice: Leave no evidence!

Duh, the kid in the stall next to the glowing stall, runs out to see the red light coming from it. Suddenly, an explosion occurs inside the stall and Duh's hair stands straight up. Cut to the bus. Dib looks out the window.

Dib: What is this? We've been passing the same stuff over and over again!

Outside, a dog walks along the side walk. Dib turns to the row behind his where Aki and Melvin sit. Melvin licks a lollipop.

Dib: Look at that dog! That dog's gone by four, maybe five times already!

Aki: What's wrong with the dog?

Chunk leans over from the row behind Aki and Melvin's.

Chunk: Yeah, I like the dog!

Dib runs over to the door where the bus driver is. The door opens and Dib runs in. The door closes behind him.

Rob: Dib.

Flan: Yeah... Dib.

Dib looks out of the window from within the driver's area. They are in a desert area with a few strange structures.

Dib: Excuse me-

The driver's seat turns around. The driver speaks with a mechanical voice. When he moves his arms, it makes mechanical sounds.

Driver: Go back to your seat, young man, and keep your arms and legs inside the bus!

Dib: Um... I couldn't help but notice ye-

The bus driver's neck extends and his face opens up, revealing a monitor screen. The monitor screen shows Zim inside his lab and out of disguise.

Zim: Hello Dib!

Dib's long strand of hair hangs in front of his face and his eye twitches.

Zim: This wouldn't be as much fun without you sticking your smelly nose in here.

Cut to a large room in Zim's lab where a giant monitor screen shows Dib's face while Zim sits in the center of the room. GIR sits next to him, munching on walnuts.

Zim: As you may have already guessed, this is a trap. You're really one of the only people who can appreciate the amazingness of this plan, so I'll let you in on what it is. Actually, I'll let you see.

A control panel shows a diagram of the bus. Zim presses a button. Cut back to the driver's quarters where Dib is.

Zim: Look out the window, would you?

Dib goes over to the window and pushes his face up to it. Rockets emerge from compartment on the bus and wings unfold. The tires flip into a different position and Dib screams as the bus shoots into the air. Zim laughs. The bus leaves Earth's atmosphere. The students listen to Dib's screaming.

Sara: Listen to him. Weirdo.

The windows on the passenger area of the bus still show the dog walking down the sidewalk. Dib claws at the window.

Zim: My mission might not be as exciting without you around to annoy me. But it will be more... pleasant.

As Zim moves his arms, so does the robotic bus driver.

Zim: Your fellow bus mates all smelled their fates the moment they stood in the way of my mission of doom. But you, destroying you will be the greatest victory.

Dib: You won't get away with this, Zim!

GIR's voice: Where are my walnuts?

Zim: I already got away with it. See, look out the window. I would say I've got away with it pretty nicely.

Dib: You're launching your enemies into space!?! That's your plan!?! This is crazy!

Zim: Launching you into space is just the first part of my plan! Now is where the fun really starts!

In front of the bus, a wormhole appears.

Dib: A wormhole? Is that a wormhole!?!

Zim: Impressed yet?

Dib: Well, it's better than just launching us into space.

Dib screams as his face stretches. The bus goes into the wormhole. In the passenger area of the bus, the windows still show the dog walking down the sidewalk, but the bus shakes.

Aki: Road's gettin' bumpy!

Chunk: That's a great dog.

Cut back to the driver's area. The windows show the wormhole as the bus travels deeper into it.

Zim: The wormhole is only phase 2 of my scheme.

Dib: There's more?

Zim: So much more.

Cut to the large room in Zim's lab. Zim presses some buttons on his control panel.

Zim: I researched many different wormholes with many possible outcomes. It was very difficult deciding which would be the most horrible for you.

Cut back to the driver's area of the bus.

Zim: One wormhole would have spat you out into a dimension of pure itching!

On the monitor screen in the driver-bot's head, a window appears that shows the dimension of pure itching which is full of green mist.

Zim: There. See? You can't really tell but that stuff's really itchy.

The window showing the dimension disappears.

Zim: Another would've sent you to a dimension of pure dooky!

The camera view stays on Dib when the window showing the dimension of pure dooky appears, filling the room with brown light. Dib freaks out.

Zim: But I chose this particular wormhole especially for the occasion. You see, at the end of this wormhole lies... a room... with a moose!

A window on the monitor screen shows a pure white room with a large moose in it. Dib screams.

Dib: Nooo- Wait a minute, did you say a room with a moose?

Zim: Yes! Your fear is overwhelming, no?

Dib: Um, no. What's so scary about a room with a stupid moose in it? I mean, yeah, that's a big moose, but really.

Zim: Oh, I will show you. Prepare your bladder for imminent release!

Dib groans. A compartment on the front bumper of the bus opens up and walnuts launch out. Dib peers out the front window. The driver's seat turns around

Dib: Are those walnuts?

Zim: Yes.

GIR's voice: My walnuts!

Zim: Watch the monitor, Dib. Watch it carefully.

Dib looks up at the monitor screen. It shows the the moose chewing on the walnuts, with shards of the walnuts falling to the ground. Dib groans and crawls up onto the dashboard in fear.

Dib: No! No! Noooo!

The monitor screen shows Zim again.

Zim: Now, Dib. I leave you to your... em..

GIR: Moosey fate, say moosey fate!

Zim: Your moosey fate.

GIR laughs. Zim hesitates, then laughs too. The bus driver's head closes up hiding the monitor screen. The driver's neck contracts to normal size. Dib hops off of the dash board and runs over to the door. He his a button and it opens up. The door closes behind him as he runs out.

Dib: Everyone! We're in a wormhole! Zim has launched us into a wormhole and we're flying towards something horrible! Something just horrible!

Dib groans as Rob walks up behind Dib and gives him a wedgie, lifting him off the ground. Jazzy music plays as still frames of Dib getting the wedgie are seen. Rob drops Dib to the ground. Dib crawls back to the seat he was in originally. Everyone in all the rows on that side of the bus (the right side of the bus) move over to the left side of the bus to be away from Dib. Dib looks out the window and sees the recording of the dog running along the sidewalk, barking.

Dib: Wait! There might still be hope! I can use my computer to plot out the course of the wormhole!

Chunk: I'm gonna punch you in your wormhole!

All of the students laugh. Dib attaches a device to the window of the bus. The device is hooked by a cable to Dib's laptop. The laptop shows a diagram of the wormhole. It shows a fork in the wormhole along with an images of moose on the left side of the fork and Earth on the right side of the fork.

Dib: There! Just ahead! A fork in the wormhole! The left leads directly to the room with the moose.

Cut to the room with the moose. Cut back to Dib and his laptop.

Dib: To the right... Earth! Home!

Dib gets hit by a wad of paper thrown by one of the students. They all laugh. Dib looks at them angrily. His laptop starts beeping. Dib looks at it. It shows that he only has 60 seconds before the bus reaches the fork.

Dib: Okay, Dib. Before you really try to think of a way out of this, think about what that would mean. On one hand, you'd be saving yourself. On the other hand, you'd also be saving... them!

Jessica: Look! He's talking to himself again!

Dib: You guys are just begging to face the moose!

The students laugh. Dib hears Zim's voice in his head.

Zim's voice: My mission might not be as exciting without you around to annoy me.

An image of Zim fades in.

Zim: But it will be more... pleasant.

The image disappears.

Dib: No! Without me the Earth is doomed! I can't let Zim run free, not while there's still hope! Everyone! I think I've got a plan! If we all move over to the right side of the bus, we just might be able to steer this thing clear of the moose room! Come on! We can go home!

Rob: If we go over there, then we'd be near you.

Jessica: That doesn't sound cool.

Morla: Do you see our dilemma?

Dib: Hurry! There isn't much time! The moose! The moose!

Cut to a shot of the moose chewing walnuts. Cut back to the bus. The laptop shows that there is only 16 seconds left, counting down. Cut to the large room in Zim's lab. The giant monitor shows Chunk and Jessica.

Chunk: Now he's talking about a moose.

The monitor suddenly plays a kids show with happy jumping animal things. GIR, out of disguise, holds the remote and tilts his head back and forth to the show happily.

Zim: GIR!

Zim snatches the remote and changes it back to a view on the bus, this time on Dib. Dib looks at the laptop and sees that there is only 8 seconds, counting down. Dib sighs and walks over to the other side of the bus. He takes a seat next to Jessica. All the students moan and get up, taking seats on the right side of the bus. The bus leans towards the right and takes the right side of the fork in the wormhole. The wormhole opens up over the skool and the bus zooms out. It is now night. It parks right in front of the skool and the students start to get out.

Sara: What a stupid field trip!

Rob: Almost as stupid as Dib!

Sara: Yeah, almost!

Chunk: I'm gonna miss that dog.

Dib grins and takes a deep breath of air, then jumps out of the bus. He stands there with pride. Cut to the large room in Zim's lab. Zim grunts as he pounds the control panel angrily. GIR squeaks happily as he also pounds the control panel.

Zim: No! The moose has failed me!

Zim steps onto a lowering platform. It lowers into the floor. The floor seals up. GIR stops pounding the control panel. He picks up the remote, stands up, and changes the channel on the giant monitor to that same kids show.


EXT. SKOOL- ZOOM IN

(the bell rings)

INT SKOOL- MS. BITTERS' CLASSROOM

(Ms. Bitters walks to the back of the classroom. Cue dramatic music and beeping noises)

(A mysterious box is beeping, counting down from a minute and six seconds, and Ms. Bitters walks to the back of it.)

(students back off, frightened.)

(Finally, Ms. Bitters presses the red button on top of the metal box, knobs twist and it splits in two explosively, each side flying into the nearby walls.)

(The smoke clears to reveal a hamster in a cage, and the students approach it with looks of awe.)

Ms. Bitters: By order of the Skool board, in an attempt to reduce MISERY amongst skoolchildren, this class is issued one class pet, hamster class... named Peepi.

(Skoolchildren sigh happily)

Zita: Ohh Peepi so cute !

Chunk: Look at his widdle Peepi faaace!

Melvin: He's like a fuzzy little pee-pee person!

Tae: (says something not understandable, due to the fact that he is overcome with cuteness)

(Peepi runs toward Zim)

Zim: (staggering back in horror) AAAAAAAAA!!

Dib: Do I even have to say anything at this point?

Zim: If you are talking about my reaction to that...(waves his hand around, thinking) hair... monster, I assure you, like the other normal children I find it...(struggles to come up with a word)

Dib: Cute. The word is cute. Humans fthink hamsters are cute.

Zim: Yes... This cuteness has a curious effect on humans. It makes them... weak!

(transitions into a daydream, showing Zim out of his disguise, riding something, and stomping noises are heard. The camera then reveals that Zim is riding on the back of a giant Peepi, in the middle of a city interection. A large shadow falls on the passersby, and they look to see the source. They start "aww"-ing at how cute Peepi is.)

Zim: People of Earth! Can you resist the hypnotic power of Peepi?

(apparently, they can't)

Zim: Now, kneel before ZIM!

(the crowd obediently kneels)

Zim: HAVE SOME OF THIS!!

Peepi incinerates them with his flame breath. Cut back to classroom, as the class watches Peepi scamper in his hamsterwheel.

Ms. Bitters: Take a good look, children: It will prepare you for your adult lives in our nightmarish corporate system.

Zim, not listening, makes his way back to the hamster cage, and looks at it thoughtfully.

Zim: Hmmm...Yessss.... It just might work.

Dib pokes his head into the frame, suspicious.

Cut to classroom at night: Peepi is sound asleep in his cage as the Voot Runner lands outside the window. A light shines on the cage, and an awakened Peepi looks up, horrified, at a silhouetted Zim, out of disguise, who is outstretching his hand to grab the hamster while grinning menacingly.

Cut to daytime in the classroom, as a pained Aki is being forced to do a headstand in a chair at the front of the class. Ms. Bitters is right next to her, holding a stopwatch.

Ms. Bitters: A minute-twenty-seven. If you're determined to let the blood rush to your head (scoffs) you better have trained for it.

Dib (raising hand): Ms. Bitters, have you noticed anything strange about the hamster?

Pan over to the hamster, which has suddenly grown to the size of its cage, and now sports a flashy alien device on its back.

Dib: ...He's three times his size, and he has that hideous throbbing alien device on his back!

Zim fidgets nervously as Peepi gives a little burp, then the Irken pulls out a wrist-mounted remote control object.

Zim (quietly): The Earth boy is trying to interfere! Now's the time to use the Peepi creature's cuteness to divert attention.

Suddenly, a large crash in the back of the room causes everyone to turn their heads toward the source: Peepi's cage, which now has a gaping hole in the bottom that continues straight through the desk it was resting upon. Suddenly, the tension is broken when students' desks start falling apart - a result of their legs being gnawed by Peepi... The desk legs, not the children's. Dib turns to a sheepish Zim accusingly.

Zim: This is... a little ahead of schedule.

Zim gets up and follows Peepi through the big, gaping hole in the wall thst the hamster has just created. On the other side, Peepi (now the size of a large cat) scampers toward the wire fence around the Skool. Instead of trying to climb it, he chews clean through, and grows to the size of a small Skoolchild. He then walks away - on two feet - across the street toward a building.

Zim: Yes, my creation! Grow! GROWW!!

Peepi roars offscreen as an explosion comes from the lamppost nearest the building Peepi was walking toward. Peepi then reappears, this time about the size of a bear, then continues on into the building. Screams emanate from its inhabitants, and several other explosions are heard from within.

Zim: Now, Peepi, COME TO YOUR MASTER!!

Zim stands waiting for a few seconds, with a big stupid grin on his face. Another offscreen explosion casts light onto his face briefly.

Zim (desperately): Peepi? Peepi?! OBEY ME! PEEPIII!!!!!

Pan up to a nuclear power plant on a cliff; it suddenly explodes with extreme force, and one of the reactors breaks apart, revealing an enormous Peepi, now the size of Godzilla and even sporting dinosaur-like spines on his fluffy back. Zim looks on, worried, as Dib saunters up beside him.

Dib: Anything you'd like to confess?

Zim: No! Don't be silly!

Meanwhile, people on the street run for their lives as Ultra-Peepi's foot bears down on them. Cut to a WHUH news broadcast, which is featuring the same image in the background.

WHUH: Anchor: Experts are still baffled as to the origins of "Ultra-Peepi", the guant mutant hamster now ravaging the city! But we all agree: He's just fuzzy-wuzzy adorable, isn't he? He sure is! Aaugh!

The Anchor is promptly crushed underfoot by Ultra-Peepi's metal foot, who then continues to ramapge through the City, evoking mixed screams and "awws" from the helpless onlookers. Spying a bus, the über-hamster picks it up and eats it, then proceeds to use a nearby radio antenna as a toothpick. A screaming woman, Dana Delany, stops and looks.

Dana Delany: Awww, loook: He's using the building like a toothpick!

At this point, Peepi decides to focus his full attention on cleaning his buckteeth, and discards the desiccated bus, which lands on Dana Delany.

At this point a squadron of fighter jets come after the hamster, but he merely extends his mechanical foot, demolishing them in midair. Zim watches as one smoking jet skids by him.

Zim: Peepi, come here! You must obey me! I am your lord and hamster-master! walks among the crowd of screaming, panicking humans NO! Don't fear the Peepi! Fear me! FEAR MEE!

At this point, Zim finally notices the carnage being caused by Peepi.

Zim: Well, he IS destroying the humans... And that IS good...

He looks up at Peepi.

Zim: Uhh.. GOOD JOB, PEEPI! I'LL JUST WAIT UNTIL YOU'RE ALL DONE HERE. UH, CARRY ON!

Frank Connif runs by as Zim saunters away.

Frank Connif: HELP! HELP! (looks up to see Peepi's foot about to smash him) Awww, wookit his wittle feeet!..

Peepi's foot comes down on Frank Connif, crushing him.

Pan to the army encampment; inside one of the tents, the General and his men are all gathered around a map representing the City, and featuring models of Ultra-Peepi and the army's various weapons.

General: I don't care what the blazes it wants, I just want it stopped!

Colonel: But General! I couldn't fire a missile at that fooby wittle face, could you?

The Colonel gives a "Bambi eyes" look, as the other officers nod their heads and mutter in the affirmative. Suddenly, Dib bursts into the tent.

Dib: Wait! I have some important information about Ultra-Peepi! You have to listen! soldiers grab his arms.

General: Now, wait: Let the boy talk.

Soldiers release Dib.

Dib: He's not a normal hamster! He's been.. altered, somehow, through alien technology. Eating makes him larger; the more he eats, the bigger he gets!

General: Good work, boy! How do we stop him?

Dib: I... don't... know!

brief pause

General: Get 'im outta here!

soldiers pile on top of him.

Colonel: General! I think we know where he's going!

Cut to Zim's House, where GIR is watching the Creepy Monkey Show. Zim passes by, looks at the screen, and sits down on the couch next to GIR while sucking on candysticks.

Zim: Whatcha watchin'?

GIR: Angry Monkey.

Zim: That... Horrible monkey!

GIR: Mm-hmm. Where's Ultra-Peepi?

Zim: He's working.

Suddenly, a "Special News Bulletin" flashes across the screen accompanied by the apparent music for Channel 6 News, and is subsequently replaced by a new anchor, shuffling his notes as a video of Ultra-Peepi's devastation plays behind him.

New Anchor: Reports are now in that Ultra-Peepi is headed for the City's pellet plant. If he reaches their reserve supply of hamster pellets, he could grow to unimaginable proportions!

All of a sudden, the ground starts shaking in Zim's House.

Zim: What is that noise?!

Zim heads out the front door, and looks outside: Nothing's there. Suddenly, though, the ground shakes violently. Zim gasps as he spots Ultra-Peepi approaching his house.

Zim (pointing up defiantly): NO! YOU WILL NOT DESTROY YOUR MASTER'S BASE! I COMMAND YOU TO STOP: OBEY YOUR CREATOR!

Peepi roars defiantly, and continues his swathe of destruction. Zim runs back into his house, then emerges from the top in his Voot Cruiser.

Zim: You made me do this, Peepi! I hate to be the bad guy but you must be disciplined; or you'll never learn!

Peepi swats at the Voot Cruiser, but Zim darts around him with ease, then zips around to face the hamster again. Inside the ship, Zim targets Peepi with a screen on the console, then presses a square button on the dashboard. The Voot's cannons charge up, and Zim flies toward Peepi as twin balls of energy are launched from its cannons into Peepi's stomach. The hamster is undamaged, but screeches in rage.

As Zim and Peepi duel, Dib comes out of his house and watches the spectacle.

Zim (over loudspeaker): HEY, PEEPI: CHECK THIS OUT! (swings around for another blow.

Dib: Never thought I'd see that.

Peepi crushes another house underfoot, as Zim zips around, shoots him repeatedly, then retreats to a safe distance.

Zim: Peepi! Turn back now! Do not invoke the wrath of the Irken Elite!

Zim charges the Voot forward again, but this time Peepi blasts the ship with a laser burst from his mouth. Zim's Voot is sent tumbling out of the sky, crashing through multiple buildings before coming to a skidding stop up against a building. Dib finds Zim laying unconscious next to his wrecked ship.

Dib: He's unconscious. Wait, if I capture him now, no one will be able to stop the hamster. But if I let him go to fight Peepi, he's just going to keep on trying to destroy mankind. This stinks.

Zim gets up in the background.

Dib: Okay, so if I save Zim, he'll move on to destroy mankind and upset the balance of the entire Earth, which is why I've been waiting to finally capture him and get proof that I...

Dib continues contemplating aloud while we cut to a closer shot of Zim, who brings out a communiaction device from his back.

Zim: GIR, come get me.

GIR: Yes, my lord! Urghh... Dib: But if the hamster goes on to save mankind, no, wait. That's not right...

GIR arrives and Zim flies away on his back, passing Dib.

Dib: The hamster doesn't.... wait, Zim! Promise me you're on our side this time.

Zim: I know not of sides, Earth stink. But just this once I agree with you. The hamster must be stopped.

Dib: No! Oh, wait. Yeah, go on then.

Peepi walks through the city, in sync to a brief heavy funk beat.

"Yeah,Oooh, yeah. Ultra Peepi."

An army of tanks waits for Peepi at the end of the street.

Man in tank: Ready, unit seven. Fire on my mark. 3, 2... Oh, just look at him!

Peepi crushes the tank with his foot. Zim calls Peepi from his ship, holding a hot dog-shaped fast food building with it.

Zim: The weenie tempts you.

Peepi growls and charges at Zim. Zim screams and flies past him, still holding the building. The man in the now crushed tank emerges, noticing this.

Man: Now we're being attacked by giant weenies. Get the weenie! Get it!

The tanks fire at Zim. Zim finds a ferris wheel with a hot dog design on it. He plants large spherical devices around it and waits in his ship as Peepi approaches it.

Zim: Yes, Ultra Peepi. Yes! Obey!

Peepi continues toward the ferris wheel, tearing through roller coasters. He gets to the ferris wheel and starts chewing it.

Zim: No. Bad Peepi. Don't eat the wheel. Huh?

Tanks arrive at the scene.

Man: Okay, let's try to go with the hamster this time. We've got to use this stuff on something.

Dib appears.

Dib: Don't attack! The alien is trying to get rid of the hamster. Don't interrupt his plans.

Man: Boy's crazy. Put him in one of those crazy buckets.

Dib shields himself as he is tackled by a group of soldiers. They walk away, and we see Dib squirm inside a container reading, "Crazy", holding him from the neck down. The tanks fire at Peepi. Zim presses a button in his ship, and the ferris wheel takes off into space. Zim growls.

Zim: No time to spare! Fine, ultra Peepi. You had this coming.

Zim flies around and drops devices on Peepi that wrap wires around him. He roars as he is carried into space. Dib hops over in his container and joins the soldier, the general, a now disguised Zim, and a small group of children as they watch. Zim stands next to a tearful child as he straightens his wig.

Child: Why...?

Dib: Why? Because alien tampering with our life forms is dangerous, and ends in pain...

Zim kicks him away

Zim: Because when you create a giant monster of doom, no matter how cute, you have to, you have to... I don't know. But stop sniveling, little worm monkey. Ultra Peepi will live on. Out there. ...In the stars.

Zim folds his arms. Peepi is heard roaring as he plummets toward the ground far in the distance, behind Zim. An explosion follows a brief flash of bright light and a large cloud of smoke. In the next screen, a group of people hug a smaller ultra Peepi, and a message on screen explains to us that "NO ANIMATED CHARACTERS WERE HARMED IN THE FILMING OF THIS PRODUCTION".


It is night. The Voot Cruiser hurtles from the sky towards Zim's house, smoke spewing out of the back of it. Inside, Zim and GIR scream (both of them out of their disguises), GIR holding a hotdog. Sparks of electricity flicker on the inside of the Voot Cruiser. Zim quickly hits some buttons on the control panel. The roof of Zim's house opens up, and the Voot Cruiser flies over it and then drops inside.

Zim: Computer! Repair bay.

GIR sucks on a SuckMunkey slushie in a plastic suck munkey cup made to look like a monkey. GIR stops sucking and coughs.

Zim: After we fix the Voot Cruiser, GIR, I wanna run a few tests on your artificial intelligence chip.

The roof starts to close over the Voot Cruiser.

Zim: It seems to be... bad. I- UH!

Zim notices the silhouette of a baby watching from the window of a neighbor's house right before the roof closes completely.

Zim: Oh no!

The living room floor opens up and the Voot Cruiser lowers down. Zim hops off of it onto the floor as the Voot Runner lowers towards the repair bay.

Zim: Hurry GIR! The mission's been compromised! I think we've been seen out of our disguises... by a human!

GIR: But Dib's seen us before.

GIR hops off of the Voot Cruiser onto the floor next to Zim as the Voot Cruiser lowers completely beneath the floor.

GIR: And he knows where we live.

Zim chuckles.

Zim: Dib. No, this is different. This is serious.

GIR screams. He walks over to the TV making 'doo dee doo' noises. He turns it on to the Scary Monkey Show. The scary monkey growls.

Zim: GIR!

GIR: Oh yeah.

GIR screams and then follows Zim out. Cut to the back of Zim's house. On the wall, electricity creates a window. On the other side of the wall, Zim peers out the new window. His insectoid binocular helmet extends over his face. He moans.

Zim: Yes! A spy! In the top window of that house! Something must be done before he gets to the Earth authorities!

GIR pops up next to Zim and looks out the window.


Zim: Who knows what-


GIR: Awww... He's cute! And stinky lookin'!


Zim leaps backwards and his binocular helmet retracts.


Zim: Cute!?! This is a serious threat to our mission!


GIR: He's just a baby!


GIR flips on a light switch and waves at the baby.


GIR: Hi baby!


Zim tackles GIR and shuts off the light. The baby breaths heavily creating fog on the window of its bedroom. Zim holds GIR down.


Zim: What are you doing!?! It'll see you!


GIR: So?


Zim: You think it's not a threat?


GIR nods.


Zim: As far as we know that's exactly what it wants us to think, GIR! I must find out what it knows!


Electricity shoots from the window making it disappear. Zim stands outside of the neighbor's house wearing a modified disguise, holding a clipboard and a pen. The new disguise includes a coat, a fake mustache and eyebrows, a red rubber nose, and a headlight helmet. Zim rings the doorbell. The baby's mother, who has a band-aid on her head, answers the door.


Mother: Yes?


Zim: I am the neighborhood baby inspector! I have come to inspect the baby.


Mother: Oh goodness! Inspect him for what?


Zim: Your resistance will be noted!


Mother: Oh...


Zim walks inside.


Zim: Where may I interrogate the little one?


Mother: Well what's wrong with Noogums? He's always so well behaved, I uh-


Zim: There's probably nothing to worry about, but we just wanna to be sure.


Zim looks over at a row of pictures on the wall of Noogums over the years. They show Noogums from when he was 1-7, and he looks identical in every picture.


Mother: He's upstairs, I'll go get him.


Zim is already at the top of the staircase.


Zim: Stay! Due to the threat of contamination, I must speak with Noogums alone.


Mother: Oh my...


Zim walks into Noogums' room. It is a typical baby's room, with a crib and toys scattered everywhere. Noogums sits on the floor playing with blocks.

Zim: And you must be Noogums. Cease the silent act, sticky worm!

Zim walks up and knocks away some of Noogum's blocks.

Zim: Your pathetic facade is as transparent as the drool on your face. What are you up too?

Noogum's pupils shake. He drools. He then smiles as he starts to wet himself.

Zim: Tell me what you know! I will not be-

Zim sniffs Noogums and screams.

Zim: What is that (Zim screams again) stink!?!

Zim groans.

Zim: Some kind of defense mechanism!

Zim falls to the ground.

Zim: So powerful... Smell!

Zim crawls across the carpet, groaning. His rubber nose and one of his eyebrows fall off. A stack of stuffed animals falls on top of him. He bursts out of the pile and screams. He then runs away. Noogums simply watches, drooling. In the repair bay of Zim's lab, a mechanical arm works on the Voot Cruiser, sending out sparks of electricity. The arm retracts into a large mechanical arm that it was extending from. More mechanical arms unfold from another larger mechanical arm. Zim is out of disguise.


Zim: The human (Zim gags) infant is much stronger than I (Zim gags) suspected. I'll have to use a higher percentage of my brain skills to outwit him.


A spider-like hovering device flies by in the foreground. Zim gags, putting his hands over his mouth. In the background, GIR (who is out of disguise) has wires attached to the top of his head. The wires are connected to a power amplifier. GIR presses a button on the power amplifier and blue electricity surges through him, lifting him off of the ground. GIR howls. The electricity goes out and GIR drops back to the ground.


Zim: Either that or through some miracle of chance.


GIR presses some more buttons on the power amplifier. GIR is lifted into the air, sending out a wave of the blue energy.


Zim: You were right about him being harmless. Perhaps I overestimated him, or underestimated m-


Zim groans as the blue wave sweeps over him, making him stupid. His eye color goes solid and he fills to the ground, groaning. The wave drifts away. Zim twitches. Zim's Irken utility pack blinks.


Computer: Reactivate.


Electricity surges through Zim's body. Zim recovers, smoke drifting from him. He gets up and sees GIR floating in the air with the blue energy surrounding him.


Zim: GIR! Get away from that power amplifier it's sending out dealy waves of stupid GIR: But I-


The blue energy dies down and GIR lowers to the ground.


Zim: I should worry less about what a baby can do, and worry more about the damage you can do.


Zim grabs the wires attached to GIR's head and yanks them out. He lets go of them, and they recoil back into the power amplifier.


Zim: Stay away from the power amplifier! It's sending out deadly waves of stupidness!


The doorbell rings. Zim looks up.


Zim: Hmmm?


Zim screams.


Zim: The doorbell! But the security system should have warned me as soon as anything set foot in the perimeter!


Zim grabs onto one of the larger mechanical arms. It lifts him up to a higher level where the exit is. Zim drops off of it as the door opens. Zim exits. GIR grabs one of the wires from the power amplifier and attaches it to his head. He lifts above the ground, creating a field of blue energy around him. Outside of Zim's house, Zim peers out of the door, now in disguise. Zim glances around and then shuts the door after finding nothing.


Zim: Computer, run a diagnostic on the doorbe-


Zim stops mid-sentence as he turns around to see a crowd of babies huddled in the center of the living room, with Noogums in the front.


Zim: What are you babies doing here!?! Get out! Shoo! At least I know why the alarm didn't go off.


Noogums' eye twitches.


Zim: You're too small to-


Noogums yells at Zim in a deep voice.


Noogums: Seize the enemy!


The babies run towards Zim.


Zim: What are you-? Noooo!


The babies leap on Zim. Cut to Zim tied to a chair in the living room, out of disguise except for his left contact. One of the babies yoinks the contact out.


Zim: Noogums, I should've known.


Noogums: Don't call me by that name. It is demeaning to a leader of the proud and fierce race of the Nhar-Gh'ok to be dubbed Noogums.


Zim: What should I call you then?


Noogums: Shnooky! Gorkspace Sergeant Shnooky!


Zim: I knew it! Earth babies come from space!


Shnooky (formerly known as Noogums): No. Our people look exactly like human babies. But we didn't know that when we landed here seven years ago.


Flashback to seven years ago, in the maternity ward of a hospital. The Nhar-Gh'ok soldiers crouch up against a wall.


Shnooky (voice over): It was our first information gathering mission on this planet. Everything was going fine until-


A nurse walks by. Once she is out of sight, Shnooky carefully peers out of the hallway. Private Fooby gives a hand motion from a nearby hallway. Shnooky motions to the soldiers with him. A Nhar-Gh'ok soldier in the very back of the soldiers behind Shnooky runs forward and out of cover. More follow, hiding behind objects in the hallway before running back into the open and then into the hallway where Private Fooby is. The hallway is dark.


Shnooky: Report, Private Fooby.


Private Fooby: You won't believe it, sir!


The Nhar-Gh'ok soldiers peer above into a window. On the other side of the window is the human maternaty ward.


Shnooky (voice over): Private Fooby had found the human maternity ward. We thought that somehow, the Earth military was keeping our people hostage. How could we have known any better? And then, disaster!


Suddenly, the light switch goes on. The soldiers scatter. Some of them launch grappling hooks into the ceiling and pull themselves upwards. Shnooky and Fooby hop into the laundry bin.


Shnooky (voice over): Fooby panicked and hailed the mother ship, calling for emergency rescue.


In the maternity ward, the babies get sucked out of their cribs right before a Red Cross soldier walks by.


Shnooky (voice over): He gave the wrong coordinates.


The Red Cross soldier walks over to the laundry bin and sees one of their feet sticking out. He chuckles and pulls out Shnooky and Fooby by their feet.


Red Cross soldier: How'd you little fellas get out here?


The two Nhar-Gh'ok soldiers clinging to the ceiling fall off as the ceiling tile breaks. They fall right into the Red Cross soldiers arms.


Shnooky (voice over): They eventually caught the entire landing party.


One Nhar-Gh'ok soldier is found when the Red Cross soldier lifts off the top of a trash bin. Another is found when a doctor cuts open the bandages on a patients head and finds the Nhar-Gh'ok inside.


Shnooky (voice over): By the time we were left alone long enough to call the mother ship again, it was out of range.


Another Nhar-Gh'ok is found in the Urine Sample Storage locker.


Shnooky (Voice over): They left us here, stranded.


The Nhar-Gh'ok soldiers are put in the maternity ward cribs, now in baby clothes.


Shnooky (voice over): We had no choice but to assume the identities of the babies that had been beamed aboard the ship.


One of the Nhar-Gh'ok soldiers cries. The flashback ends.


Shnooky: It's been seven long years since that terrible night.


Zim: What do you want with me?


Shnooky: Your ship! We're going home.


Zim: You can't take my ship, it's mine!


Shnooky: We'll tell the humans all about you if you resist us!


Zim: Computer! Open the entrance to storage room two!


Zim hops with the chair he is tied to and uses it to knock away the two Nhar-Gh'oks standing on either side of him. The couch starts to rise, revealing the entrance to the storage level. Zim grunts as he hops backwards in the chair into the entrance. Zim falls a long way down. When he reaches the storage level, he hits the ground, breaking apart the chair. Zim grunts.


Shnooky: Get him! Eat his feet off!


The Nhar-Gh'oks hiss, revealing sharp teeth. Their eyes bulge out and go pupil-less. The couch lowers to cover the entrance of storage level 2, but the Nhar-Gh'oks place a toy piggy under it to keep it from lower all of the way. They then lift the couch back up. Zim screams as the toy piggy falls and hits him on the head. Zim runs over to the elevator shaft. He pants as he goes inside the elevator.


Zim: Computer, take me down to the Voot Cruiser repair bay.


Zim falls over as the elevator shakes. The sound of the Nhar-Gh'oks laughing evilly is heard. The Nhar-Gh'oks pound dents into the top of the elevator.


Zim: The ship is mine Noogums, or Shmoogy, or whatever your name is!


Shnooky: It's Shnooky!


Zim: It's invader property! You won't get your filthy little nub hands on it!


Four mechanical spider legs extend from Zim's Irken Utility pack. They curl in front of Zim and created a square shaped welding tool. The welding tool sends a blast through the elevator shaft, knocking out a square shaped chunk of the elevator wall. Zim crawls into that space. From that space, Zim watches as the elevator continues to go down with the Nhar-Gh'oks on top of it. Zim uses the mechanical spider legs to scamper around. Zim finds a grate covering a shaft. Zim removes the grate. The spider legs latch together to create two prongs. The prongs create an energy shield around Zim. Zim slides down the shaft with his energy shield. The shaft ends right above the Voot Cruiser. Zim falls on top of the voot cruiser, causing his shield to go out. He bounces off of the ship and falls to the ground. He looks over and sees GIR beat boxing into one of the wires of the power amplifier while he stands on the power amplifier.


Zim: GIR!


GIR: Yes?


Zim walks over using the mechanical spider legs.


Zim: The babies are inside the base, GIR.


Zim uses one of the spider legs to grab GIR and put him on the floor.


Zim: They're after the Voot Cruiser.


GIR: I like babies!


Zim: I have to get the cruiser out of here!


Zim uses the spider legs to crawl into the Voot Cruiser. The spider legs retract back into the Irken Utility Pack.


Zim: I only hope the repairs are finished. You hold the babies off while I-


GIR: I'm gonna play with the babies!


Zim presses a button on the Voot Cruiser control panel.


Computer: Malfunction.


Zim groans as a blanket thing wraps around him and grips him tightly and two pads from the ceiling extend down to cover Zim's head. The Nhar-Gh'oks laugh evilly as they start pounding on the door to the repair bay. Zim gasps as he struggles to get out of the thing wrapped around him. In the background, GIR attaches wires from the power amplifier to his head.


Zim: They're getting in, GIR! Do something!


GIR: Okay!


GIR turns the power amplifier on. He shouts happily as he flies into the air, the blue energy surrounding him. Zim gets out of the thing wrapped around him and hops out of the Voot Cruiser. He runs towards the power amplifier, dodging GIR's energy wave. Zim makes it to the power amplifier and shuts it off, sending GIR to the floor. Suddenly, the Nhar-Gh'oks burn through the door using acid saliva.


GIR: Babies!


The Nhar-Gh'oks run towards Zim.


Shnooky: We will take your ship, and for the trouble you caused, we're going to destroy your base, leaving you stranded here, just like we were. And we'll tell the humans all about you. Now my minions, form Giganto Baby!


All of the Nhar-Gh'oks jump into Shnooky, melding together to form one large mass. The mass of babies still has the faces of the Nhar-Gh'oks sticking out. Zim gasps. Zim mass sprouts out two lumps of babies connected to the original mass as feet. The Giganto-Baby stands up. It is wearing diapers. Another lump attached to the original mass sprouts out as an arm. Yet another lump begins to sprout, but it gets stuck. Giganto Baby uses its one arm to help pull the new lump out, creating a second arm. One of the babies projects an electronic face from its mouth. Giganto Baby starts tearing up the ground around it. It yanks on a wire, causing an explosion. Zim uses his spider legs to hop into the air and grab one of the smaller mechanical arms. He swings on it over to Giganto Baby and sticks it into the top of Giganto Baby, falling through its view screen head. Zim grunts as he struggles to jump away. Giganto Baby tugs on the mechanical arm, pulling down the larger mechanical arm. The larger mechanical arm falls on top of it. Zim falls to the ground next to Giganto Baby. One of the Nhar-Gh'oks pops out of Giganto Baby and swings a claw at Zim. That Nhar-Gh'ok then jumps back into Giganto Baby and hisses.


Zim: Hey, quit it!


Zim kicks Giganto Baby. The Nhar-Gh'ok frowns. Giganto Baby uses one of its arms to knock Zim against the wall. Zim groans.


GIR: Wooo-hooo!


GIR pulls out a large drumstick from a bucket of fried chicken and prepares to eat it. Giganto Baby gets back up. Zim uses his mechanical spider legs to spring away as Giganto Baby launches a fist at him. Zim scampers away, narrowly avoiding fist after fist. Zim grunts as he crawls past wires, the Giganto Baby close behind. The Giganto Baby breaks apart one wire, causing an explosion. GIR dips his chicken drumstick in mayo while wearing the empty bucket of fried chicken on his head. He eats all of the chicken off of the bone in one bite. Giganto Baby gets tangled in the wires. Zim makes it out and reaches the platform where GIR is. GIR dips a live, featherless chicken in mayo and lifts it towards his mouth.


Zim: The amplifier!


Zim grabs GIR and attaches GIR's head to the wires of the power amplifier. Giganto Baby breaks through the wires and lifts up. Zim dangles GIR down in front of Giganto Baby, then turns the amplifier on at full power. GIR screams as the blue energy overtakes the room. It blasts upwards, so the platform underneath Zim protects him from getting hit. Giganto Baby is engulfed in the energy.


Giganto Baby: Am...dumb!


Giganto Baby screams. The power amplifier shuts off and Giganto Baby falls apart into individual Nhar-Gh'oks. The Nhar-Gh'oks cry. GIR dangles from the wires, smoking. Zim climbs down to where the Nhar-Gh'oks are with the help of his mechanical spider legs.


Zim: It worked!


GIR: Aw... I wanted to explode!


Later, Shnooky is launched through the window of his room and bounces against the wall into his crib. He starts drooling. At Zim's house, a baby launcher sticks out of the new window. The baby launcher retracts.


GIR: Bye, baby!


Zim groans and knocks him down. The window disappears. Shnooky lies in his crib.


Dib zips up a black stealth suit and snaps a belt around his waist. He adjusts a pair of binocular goggles on his forehead. On the floor next to him, Gaz draws an evil-looking piggy with crayons.

Dib: This is it, Gaz: Months of spying on Zim's freakish little house are about to pay off.

Gaz frowns and moves her piggy drawing to the side. Soon, she begins drawing another one.

Dib: I know every outer defense and just enough of the inner ones to actually make it down to the real base underneath.

Gaz crumples up the half-finished piggy drawing and throws it, then begins scribbling another piggy.

Dib: And once I get in there, I'm... man, am I gonna to do something...

Gaz grips the crayon she is drawing with tightly and grinds it over the drawing and onto the carpet. She begins pounding the floor with her fist.

Gaz: I'm trying to draw a little piggy!

Gaz’s head slowly rotates a full 360 degrees, and she groans as she sweats and drools. Her voice echoes.

Gaz: Can't you see I'm trying to draw a little piggy!?!

Gaz goes back to normal.

Gaz: Be quiet.

Dib: Don't you care that Zim's trying to destroy all mankind? Huh?

Gaz starts drawing a pig on a fresh sheet of paper.

Gaz: But he's so bad at it.

Dib sighs.

Dib: You just don't get it.

Dib walks off. Prof. Membrane's hover screen floats over to Gaz projecting an image of Membrane himself.

Prof. Membrane: Gaz, it's the annual family night out, and it's your turn to pick where we eat. The time for choosing is now!

Gaz's eyes become swirling spirals. Her eyes show images of Bloaty's head rotating in a clockwise motion.

Prof. Membrane: What's the matter? Do you know where you—

Gaz (In a trance): Bloaty's. We're going to Bloaty's Pizza Hog. Pig... commands me!

Prof. Membrane: That sounds fine. I'll be home at eight!

The hover screen goes to static and floats away. Gaz's eyes widen as images of Bloaty swirl around her head. As Dib yells out, the images of Bloaty burst into flames.

Dib: I'll be home in time for Mysterious Mysteries.

The flames disappear.

Gaz: You know Dad's taking us out tonight. I picked Bloaty's.

Dib: This is bigger than pizza, Gaz! This is the fate of all mankind!

Gaz: You and your mankind...

Dib: Uh-huh. Whatever. Look, if I'm not home in time, call this number and tell them the Mothman is caught in the spider's web.

Dib hands Gaz a sheet of paper that shows a picture of a swollen eyeball with the number 1-555-555-0199.

Dib: They'll know what you mean. But, like I said, I'll probably be back before the Mysteries theme song starts.

Dib opens the front door.

Gaz: You can go now.

Dib leaves, shutting the door behind him. Gaz drops the Swollen Eyeball sheet onto the floor and goes back to drawing piggies. The words "Two Hours Later" appear. Gaz is still drawing piggies. The TV is on.

Announcer: Welcome, truth seekers, to Mysterious Mysteries... of Strange Mystery.

Gaz's eyes widen. She grabs the Swollen Eyeball sheet and eats it as Prof. Membrane walks through the front door.

Prof. Membrane: Kids, I'm home. Are you ready to go? Where's your brother?

Gaz: He's out, let's go.

Prof. Membrane: No, no, it's family night. That means everyone! If he doesn't get back soon, we'll have to put it off 'till next year.

Gaz: What about the rest of this year?

Prof. Membrane: Hmmm, well...

Prof. Membrane presses a button on his left arm that is connected by a wire to his goggles.

Prof. Membrane: Simmons, how does my schedule look for the rest of this year?

Prof. Membrane's goggles light up.

Simmons' Voice: Busy sir, very busy. Wait! Something just opened up for September. Oh, scratch that. It just filled up.

Prof. Membrane presses the button on his arm again and his goggles turn dark.

Prof. Membrane: No good, honey. It has to be today! And I've got a cure to discover at 9:30...

Gaz growls.

Prof. Membrane: ...so if he's not home soon, we're going to have to cancel the whole thing!

Gaz growls as Prof. Membrane walks inside. Gaz walks into her room when Dib's voice comes from a watch-shaped device around her wrist.

Dib: Gaz! Come in, Gaz! Emergency!

Gaz looks at the device. It has a small view screen that shows Dib transmitting from inside Zim's lab.

Dib: There you are, Gaz! Looks like you'll have to tape the show for me, I made it in! It's... incredible! There are things down here I've never even dreamed of! I'm gonna try and blow it up.

Gaz: Come home now, Dib! Your weird obsessions are not gonna mess today up for me. I just want to go out and eat with Dad, that's all! Stop playing with Zim and get back here.

Dib: You're breaking up! I can't hear you, I—,

Bolts of energy fly past Dib. He looks to his side.

Dib: What!?! Zim! You'll never get away with—

Dib screams as a bolt of energy hits him and he flies out of view.

Dib (O.S.): You got away with it for now, Zim...

The view screen goes into static.

Dib (O.S.): ...but you won't get away with it for long!

Gaz pulls off the device and throws it onto the floor. It falls under the sofa.

Dib (O.S.): Gaz, make sure you don't record over any old episodes

The static on the screen is abruptly replaced by GIR's red-eyed visage, with his eyes narrowed wickedly. Then, the static returns. Gaz zips up her own stealth suit and puts on boots. She walks up to Zim's front door and rings the doorbell. Robo-Mom answers the door.

Robo-Mom: Well, hello little boy, oh!

Gaz grits her teeth and grunts as she shoves Robo-Mom back into the wall. Robo-Mom's eye falls out. Robo-Mom feels the empty socket.

Robo-Mom: How embarrassing! Ah!

Robo-Mom wheels towards her missing eye. GIR sits on the couch holding a stuffed monkey.

GIR: Shhh... I'm guarding the house!

GIR lifts up his monkey and holds it up to Gaz. Monkey noises are heard. Robo-Mom picks up her eye and tries putting it back into the socket. The TV plays a commercial for Bloaty's Pizza Hog. The sound of children chanting "Bloaty's Pizza Hog" is heard through the commercial. Flan rubs pizza on his head while Billy Slunchy jams two pizzas into his mouth. A hand holds up a sign that says Bloaty's Pizza Hog on it with pictures of pizzas in front of the camera. The hand lifts the sign away. Kids climb all over an overweight man wearing the Bloaty costume while eating pizza.

Bloaty: Come to Bloaty's Pizza Hog! We got games! We got Bloaty! We got pizza!

One kid throws a pizza and it hits Bloaty in the face.

Bloaty: What more you askin' for!?!

Gaz's eyes are once again swirling spirals with images of Bloaty's face rotating inside them.

Kids: We love you Bloaty!

Bloaty: I love you, kids.

Bloaty groans and drools. Gaz's stomach growls. She clutches it. Gaz shakes her head to get out of the Bloaty trance.

Gaz: Where's Dib?

GIR goes into serious mode. He throws his monkey into the air and hops off of the couch. Guns and missile launchers emerge from his head. GIR holds up a hand.

GIR: None may pass! You are an intruder!

Gaz: Where is Dib?

GIR goes back to normal, his weapons retracting into his head.

GIR: He went down there.

GIR walks over to a desk in the living room. It lifts up and the floor beneath GIR opens. GIR and Gaz step onto a hovering platform, which lowers them down into Zim's lab. GIR looks at Gaz and opens his mouth wide, making a happy noise. Gaz looks at him disapprovingly and grunts. GIR does it again and Gaz growls at him. The hover platform reaches the lab. Gaz follows GIR over to a few teleporters. GIR points to one.

Gaz: You're sure they took this one?

GIR: Yes! Wait... I dunno.

Gaz steps into the teleporter. Electricity goes through it. She walks out of an identical teleporter elsewhere. Gaz wanders over to a window and looks out to find she is inside a massive Irken space station, high above Earth.

Gaz: Eh.

Gaz walks through the space station. The echo of Zim's laughter is heard. She walks into a hallway and the laughter grows louder. At the end of the hallway, Gaz finds herself on a platform looking down on a large room where Zim is talking with Dib, who is now inside a large glass containment unit.

Zim: Impressive that you got inside my base, Dib. If you hadn't made the stupid mistake of trying to transmit a message, I may never have caught you. But I did catch you! By the Irken rules of war, you are my prisoner. You'll do your species the honor of being one of the first to experimented on.

Gaz crawls along on a thick wire.

Gaz: Hmmm.... Just one experiment, then I go rescue him.

Zim laughs.

Zim: Now Dib, let's see what you look like with all your organs... On the outside!

Zim pulls a lever and light fills the room.

Gaz: Oooooh!

Zim: On the outside! Get it? The outside!

Cut to Gaz dragging Dib inside their house with his organs on the outside. Flies are buzzing around Dib.

Gaz: Okay, Dad! We can go to Bloaty's now!

Prof. Membrane: No, no, no! We can't go anywhere with him like that! Family night is canceled until his organs are inside him again.

Gaz: Canceled!?! Nooooo!

Gaz glances at Dib as she groans and screams. Cut back to Gaz in the space station above the Earth, revealing that that was just a fantasy.

Gaz: That's enough of that.

Gaz leaps down and slides over the containment jar Dib is in.

Gaz: Come on, Dib.

Zim: What is this!?! Is this some kind of a joke!?! Dib, you really sunk low if you think your little sister can help you! I made that containment chamber myself. I would destroy you right now if I didn't expect to get so much enjoyment from watching you try to get him out.

Gaz grits her teeth. Her leg jitters. She kicks the glass panel on Dib's containment chamber and it begins to crack. It breaks open and the liquid inside spills out. Dib slides out with it. Zim groans. Zim screams as the liquid washes him away. There is a a hovering platform next to the cracked containment chamber.

Dib: Gaz! You rescued me!

Gaz: Yeah, yeah, now let's go.

Dib: We can't leave now! We can stop him once and for all, you and me, as a team! Whaddya you say?

Gaz grits her teeth. Cut to Dib strapped onto the hovering platform and Gaz pushing him along.

Dib: What are you doing? We can't leave him like this!

Gaz pushes the hover platform ahead of her, sending it crashing into a wall.

Dib: He's vulnerable! We can stop his reign of terror!

Gaz: All I want is to have some pizza...

The hover platform swivels back over to where Gaz is.

Gaz: ...hang out with Dad, and not have your weirdness mess up my day.

Dib: Reign of terror, Gaz! Reign of terror!

An electrical sound is heard, followed by Zim's laughter. They look over to see Zim standing on one of the teleporters. All of the wires hooked up to each teleporter are cut.

Zim: You can't escape by teleporter, little Gaz. I've cut the power.

Zim jumps down from the teleporters over to where Gaz and Dib are.

Zim: Your pitiful rescue attempt is nothing but a pitiful failure! Stupid, stinking, humans.

Gaz: Doesn't this station have escape pods?

Zim: Of course, they're right over there.

Zim points at something offscreen. Gaz starts to push Dib towards where Zim pointed.

Zim: Stupid, stupid... Hmmm?

Zim wails. Cut to the docking area of the station. Gaz sits in the pilot seat of an escape pod while Dib is set upward, still strapped to the hover platform, in the passenger seat.

Dib: Come on, Gaz! You'd sacrifice the entire planet just for some pizza!?!

Gaz: Look, you got to pick what we ate last time and now it's my turn!

Gaz grits her teeth.

Dib: Why can't you just go tomorrow!?!

Gaz: You just don't get it, do you?

Gaz presses a button on the control panel and the escape pod undocks. Zim hops into another escape pod. He presses a button and the windshield closes up. Gaz flies her escape pod out of the station, with Zim flying right behind her. They fly along the surface of the moon.

Zim: Try to outrun me in one of my own ships?

A joystick emerges from the control panel of Zim's escape pod. On the front of the escape pod, a gun emerges. Zim presses a button on his joystick and the gun fires laser bolts. Gaz dodges the shots and they hit the surface of the moon. As the laser bolts hit the surface of the moon, it creates chunks of debris. One chunk hits the laser of Zim's escape pod, crushing it. Zim clicks the button on his joystick but nothing happens. Zim grows angry and moves his joystick back and forth and wails as he rips it off of the control panel. Gaz presses some buttons on the control panel. A view screen turns on, showing an image of Prof. Membrane in his lab.

Gaz: Dad, it's me.

Prof. Membrane: Did you find your brother?

Gaz: Yeah. I'm going to meet you at Bloaty's, okay?

Prof. Membrane: Alright.

Gaz grunts as Zim rams their escape pod. Dib screams.

Gaz: I've got to go, Dad. Dib's little friend is bugging me.

Gaz presses a button on the control panel and the view screen goes black.

Zim: Doo dee doo doo do.

Zim presses a button on the control panel. The damaged gun lowers and a new weapon emerges. The new weapon is a grappling hook launcher. It launches at Gaz's escape pod and attaches to the back of it. The two ships collide together as they approach the Earth.

Zim: Too easy...

Gaz: Hold onto something.

Dib: I can't!

Gaz presses some buttons on the control panel. The ships start to burn as they enter the atmosphere. She pounds a button and her thrusters turn on. The thrusters blast into Zim's ship. Zim groans. Since Zim's escape pod is attached to Gaz's by a grappling hook, it flies over Gaz's ship and lands in front of it. The cockpits now face each other. Gaz waves to Zim and then hits a button on the control panel. She manages to break away from Zim's ship and flies off, sending his escape pod spinning as Zim hyperventilates, sweating. Gaz crashes into a satellite and then the escape pod flies towards the city, flaming.

Gaz: Alright, this is gonna be rough.

Dib's cheeks swell up like he is going to barf. Cut to Bloaty's Pizza Hog restaurant. A giant mechanical Bloaty sticks out of the roof, waving. The guy in the Bloaty suit squeezes into a room that says Do Not Enter. Once he makes it inside, he hacks and coughs, then shuts the door behind him. He unzips the costume. Inside the Bloaty costume is a morbidly obese man. As soon as the costume is off, his fat flabs out. He moans.

Fat Man: I eat too many pizzas.

The man lumbers over to a couch, moaning. As soon as he sits down, he falls asleep, snoring loudly. Many empty pizza boxes are stacked on the ground next to him. Gaz's escape pod bursts through the wall and flies into the man's side. The fat makes the escape pod bounce back. The man doesn't wake up. The windshield of the escape pod lifts up. gaz pushes Dib out, still strapped to the hover platform. Gaz hops out next.

Dib: Please, Gaz! Listen to reason!

Gaz pushes Dib's hover platform along and towards the door.

Dib: He's still out there! He'll be back! He's gonna—

Gaz and Dib exit, the door closes behind him. The shutting door wakes up the fat man for a second. He awakens with a groan.

Fat Man: No more pizza....

He falls asleep again, drooling. Cut to the arcade section of Bloaty's Pizza Hog. Children are playing games like Pool of Balls and a whack-a-mole type game. One kid stands at a Zap 'Em booth and gets vaporized. The kid's companion laughs. At the restaurant area, the animatronic Sgt. Squid wanders by the tables where families are eating. Animatronic mascots are everywhere. Miss Manatee walks in place at a corner, while the Moose of Doom frightens a baby with his mechanical claw. Gaz, Dib, and Prof. membrane sit at a booth. A waiter in Bloaty clothes delivers pizza to their table. Dib is still strapped to the hover platform while Prof. Membrane talks to one of the scientists through a view screen.

Prof. Membrane: Make sure that you keep a close eye on the pressure and I'll be back in the lab in about an hour.

Dib: I had him! I had him Gaz!

Gaz groans as Dib talks.

Dib: If you hadn't rescued me I would've—

The bell to the front door of the restaurant rings and Zim walks in. Zim straightens his wig and notices the Membrane Family.

Zim: Hmmm!

Dib: There he is! Gaz, unstrap me!

Dib struggles to break free. Zim leaps into the air and lands on the table across from Gaz and Dib.

Zim: Now Dib, we finish this once and for—

Zim screams as a mechanical Bloaty with a wobbling head zooms over.

Mechanical Bloaty: Doo dee doo dee doo. (repeats this over and over)

Zim crawls away, sweating. The sounds of children chanting "Bloaty's Pizza Hog" can be heard. The other animatronic horrors pop up, surrounding Zim, including Sgt. Squid, Moose of Doom, Miss Manatee, and a sailor lemur thing. Zim glances back and forth and slowly crawls away. The mechanical mascots bob up and down. Zim stands up and the mascots rotate around him.

Zim: What form of Earth monsters are these!?!

Zim screams and shoves past them, then runs out of the restaurant.

Gaz: There, see, you won. Eat your pizza.

Dib struggles to move.

Dib: I can't.

Gaz flings a pizza at his face, splattering with grease and pepperoni. He catches the tip in his mouth and chews on that.


The camera fades to a doorknob, which pans upwards to the window that leads to Ms. Bitters ' classroom. A luminesent "13" is displayed on the rim of the glass. On the blackboard behind Ms. Bitters is the word "Civics". It covers up the entire board.

Ms. Bitters: Then, add a card to represent the overworked education system.

A child is seen tied to a rope suspended from the ceiling. He shakily drops a playing card on top of a giant house of cards. The camera pans downwards, showing Dib looking up at the tower from his desk.

Ms. Bitters: Now, add the deadweight of students like you.

The child drops a heavy stack of cards onto the tower. It starts to wobble.

Ms. Bitters: So, you can see, children, that our whole society is nothing more than a perilous house of cards...

Dib watches as most of the cards crumble onto his desk.

Ms. Bitters: ... Destined to collapse under its own weight.

Dib's desk creaks, & the desktop breaks off of it's stand. The remaining cards fly in different directions.

Ms. Bitters: Dib! The warranty on your desk has run out.

She points to something behind the camera.

Ms. Bitters: Get a replacement from the pile.

Dib: Yes, m'am.

Dib gets up from his desk & walks toward the back of the classroom. The camera pans to a view of the class room, showing that every kid has random items for desks.

Ms. Bitters: Well, children, as you know, the desk budget for this year has run out. But the skoolboard has given a chance to lessen your misery.

Dib comes back, dragging a dirty garbage can infront of him. He looks into it, & is suddenly attacked by a large rat.

Ms. Bitters: Lights!

The lights turn off, & the blackboard opens. A screen hidden previously hidden behind it turns on, showing an old black & white countdown. The sound of a rat screeching is heard faintly off-screen.

Dib (O.S.): Aagh!

The screen fades into a video featuring a man in a poorly-tailored anthromorphic gangster dog suit. In the background is a cliche alleyway with colorful graffiti on it. The sound of a women screaming & police sirens is heard throughout the video.

Poop Dawg : Word up, kids! This is Poop Dawg, the Poop Cola gangsta clown with a little fund-raiser! Do you wanna go magnet with the monies?

The screen cuts to a bunch of children.

Children: Yay!

Child #1: What does that mean?

The children glance at Child #1 with weird looks. Back in real life, the skoolchildren are watching the video. Melvin leans forward.

Skoolchildren: Hmm?

The camera cuts back to the video, showing Poop Dawg holding up a box of Poop candy.

Poop Dawg: Then jack this box of Poop Cola candy!

He puts down the box & walks up to the screen.

Poop Dawg: It's the great taste of Poop Cola, wrapped in a layer of chocolate badness!

He holds up a bar of Poop Cola candy. The children from before appear again.

Children: Ooh!

The screen cuts to Poop Dawg.

Poop Dawg: Every bar you sell earns money for your skool!

He points at the screen for a moment, & puts it down. The camera cuts to his face, & the sound of a cash register ringing is heard each time he says "prizes".

Poop Dawg: But what's in it for you? Prizes, prizes, prazizes!

The skoolchildren share glances.

Skoolchildren: Hmm.

Poop Dawg: Sell a hundred bars, & you'll win a-- [ADHESIVE MEDICAL STRIPS].

The camera cuts to Zim lowering an eyebrow. A visual list of prizes fly past the screen, accompanied by a dinging sound whenever Poop Dawg mentions one of them. The skoolchildren "ooh" & "aah" occasionally.

Poop Dawg: Sell a thousand, you'll win a crash helmet! Sell ten thousand, you'll win an electro scooter! At five hundred thousand, you'll get a hovercraft, plus the helmet, plus a box of-- [ADHESIVE MEDICAL STRIPS].

The skoolchildren continue to say things like "Oh!" & "Wow!". Dib is also heard with them. Zim turns to the class & clenchs his fist.

Zim: Garbage!

He points to the screen.

Zim: That hovercraft is a joke of engineering, & that helmet would never protect your brain from lasers.

He crosses his arms, & the camera changes to Poop Dawg again.

Poop Dawg: But if you all think you's all somet'in with the top sellies, and—wit--

He stops, & looks down.

Poop Dawg: I can't do this.

Director (O.S.): Cut!

The film cuts to another take.

Poop Dawg: The top prize is something your b-b-brain won't believe!

He does a little stomping motion when he says "brain". Zim watches with narrowed eyes.

Zim: Nonsense.

Poop Dawg: It's so amazing, it's a secret.

Zim dashes infront of the class.

Zim: Secret!?

He climbes onto the table, & points at the camera.

Zim: What are you hiding, dog-man!? Tell me! TELL ME!!!

Poop Dawg: Good luck, my fellow Poop slices!

The screen switches to a warning, showing a person choking & a line going through it.

Warning: Warning. Candy made entirely of saw dust.

Zim: Secret? Yes, of course. But what could it be? What?! What?! I MUST POSSESS THIS SECRET PRIZE!

Ms. Bitters pokes her head in the frame and looks at Zim scornfully, with her teeth bared.

Dib: Ms. Bitters, why don't they take the money they spent on candy and prizes and use it to buy desks?

Ms. Bitters holds Zim up by his shirt collar.

Ms. Bitters: That answer wasn't in the video.

The scene cuts to the next day. The sun is rising, and all the people in the neighborhood are getting up for the day. A paperboy rides down the road tossing papers on people's front lawns. An elderly lady tends to her garden. A guy walks outside holding his coffee and waves to his neighbor who has a running hose in his hand. The scene cuts to a few seconds of the skoolchildren walking up the road holding fundraising supplies with dramatic music beginning to play. The kids charge, and a guy talking to a car driver in the middle of the road notices the approaching crowd.

Chatter: [gasps] Fundraising...ch-children!

The kids charge down the road, lazers shooting everywhere for some reason. The car the chatter was talking to speeds off. People run into their houses trying to avoid the crowds of children. The scene cuts to Zim walking down the road with GIR with chaos still occurring behind him. GIR is wearing a costume resembling a small child. His blue eyes are visible through the mouth of the costume.

Zim: Then that horrible man-dog hybrid taunted us by not revealing the secret prize! It must be something of unimaginable power, GIR.

They walk past Dib, who is drinking a Poop Juice Box and holding an empty box of candy bars.

Dib: [Holding up the empty box] Hey, Zim! I sold a whole box at my dad's lab! Beat that!

Zim: So, you're trying to beat me to the prize, is that it? [Opens his box of candy and picks up a bar] Just more proof of its strategic value.

Dib sneaks up behind him and grabs the candy from Zim's hand.

Dib: The only reason I'm selling this dirt in a wrapper is to watch you fail at something else, Zim! [He laughs]

Zim looks down at his full box of candy. Dib sips his juice box, then quickly makes a loud noise to scare Zim, thrusting the juice all over him and making him drop his box of candy. Dib laughs and walks off, but not before having a second laugh at GIR's horrible disguise.

Zim: I can sell these horrible candies better than any human! Just watch!

Dib runs off holding his candy bar box on his shoulder.

GIR: Why is his head so big? Whyyyyy is his head so big?

Zim: [Getting up] Just follow my lead!

Zim marches up to the first door and knocks. The elderly woman looks through the peephole and sees Zim holding the candy bar up to it. Skeptical, she grabs a baseball bat and opens the inner door.

Zim: [Pleading] Please, Ma'am! If you don't buy my candy, my little brother will go insane!

Zim points to GIR, who is spinning in circles on top of a box of candy. GIR does a headstand and breakdances. The woman opens the outer door in preparation to whack Zim, but suddenly, GIR's body flies off his head! The woman screams.

Elderly Woman: Good heavens! He's worse then I thought! [Putting down the bat] Please, of course I'll buy some candy!

GIR's body falls from the sky. The woman grabs some money from her pocket, tosses it in Zim's candy box, and takes a candy bar. Zim looks down in the box, then back at the woman. She opens the bar and starts eating it.

Elderly Woman: Mmm!

She suddenly begins choking. Sawdust flies out of her mouth and she coughs and falls to her knees.

Zim: Mmhmm, that's the sawdust.

The woman continues coughing up sawdust, which lands on a pile on GIR's headless body. GIR's body gets up on its own, startling the woman. She opens her door slightly, kicks GIR away, and runs into her house. GIR's body runs up the door and begins knocking on it. Zim looks down at the money in his candy box.

Zim: [Holding up the money] Hmm, she only bought one of these horrible things. You'll just have to try harder, GIR!

Zim picks up GIR's headless body and tosses it into a wheelbarrow full of dirt. He then picks up the candy box and tosses it in as well. GIR's head resides in the box. Zim wheels it away as the torches in front of the house light up and the camera pans upwards to the sun.

The scene cuts to the next door. GIR throws eggs on the ground as he walks. The eggs fry on contact. Zim knocks on the door, and a middle-aged woman holding a baby answers. She is fanning herself with the baby because of the intense heat. When she looks down at Zim, she screams and drops the baby, which bounces back up on its own. The woman slams the door shut. Zim is confused, but when he turns around, he sees Madness the Chihuahua; the real reason the woman got scared. The dog eats one of the fried eggs on the ground. Zim and GIR scream, throw everything they have up in the air, and run away, waving their arms frantically. The dog licks its lips.

The scene cuts once again, and a montage of Zim attempting to sell candy plays. First, an adult man is screaming due to the "grass angels" that GIR has made in his yard. Next, when Zim tries to sell candy to the guy with the hose, the guy aims the water right at Zim, pushing him up against a trash can and soaking him. GIR stands behind the trash can holding the candy, and is protected from the water. The scene cuts to Zim struggling to walk down the sidewalk, holding a full box of candy. He eventually trips, and the box falls on top of him. GIR jumps into the box and begins devouring the candy like a maniac as the camera spins round and round.

We now see Zim sitting on the edge of the sidewalk. The box of candy sits next to him, and GIR is still sitting in the box, eating the candy. GIR coughs up some sawdust, but continues eating.

Zim: I don't understand! Today has been a horrible failure. [Turns to GIR] GIR, DON'T EAT THAT FILTH!

GIR stops eating, and coughs up a little sawdust. Zim picks yup a candy bar.

Zim: It is the key to the mystery of the prize.

GIR: [Airy] The mystery of the priiiiize...

As GIR says the word "prize", some brown liquid comes out of his mouth. Zim hold up a candy bar to the sun. The candy melts a little bit.

Zim: Uuugh...this miserable Earth sun...even Sirius Minor didn't orbit such a horrible star. [Looking directly at the sun] SO HOT!

The area begins to become slightly red-shifted as Zim begins to hallucinate. A familiar figure appears at the end of the street. It inches closer to Zim.

Poop Dawg: [Spooky voice] Zim...ZIM...I have come for you...

Zim: [Confused and worried] Eh? What is this?

The cloaked figures appears in front of Zim.

Zim: [Pointing] Who are you?

Poop Dawg: [Inching closer] I am-

Zim: [Pointing] Who are you?

Poop Dawg: [Inching closer] I am-

Zim: [Pointing] WHO ARE YOU?

Poop Dawg: I am Poop Dawg! The Gangsta' Spectre o' D'feat in fact! And you will NEVER win the mystery prize, fool! Wahahahahaha!

Zim: WHAT IS THIS MIRACULOUS PRIZE THING? [Walks up and shakes Poop Dawg, who towers over him]

Poop Dawg: I 'aint tellin', yo!

Zim: Does it defy the laws of time and space? Can it alter the mind of sentient beings? IS IT THE KEY TO CONTROLLING ALL MANKIND?

Poop Dawg shakes Zim off, launching him against the nearby fence.

Poop Dawg: The prize will never be yours, Zim! So say the Gangsta' Spectre o' D'feat!

Zim: I will not give up...Poop Dawg! NEVER! [Shakes his fist]

Poop Dawg: Ahahahahaha, yo. AHAHAHAHAHA!

Zim picks up GIR and hurls him at his hallucination of Poop Dawg. He ends up hitting Dib, who was the one actually standing there.

Dib: Uwaaugh! Jeez, Zim! I haven't even done anything to you yet! [Clutches his stomach, where GIR hit him]

Zim: [Still hallucinating] Get out of here, Gangsta' o' D'feat! Begone with you!

Dib: [Brushing himself off] Man, Zim. Defeat's made you crazy.

Zim motions for him to leave. As Dib walks away, Zim's hallucination ends. Zim makes a face of sudden realization.

Zim: Of course. That has been my mistake all along. I've been trying to sell like a miserable HUMAN! GIR!

GIR spits a little bit of the candy he is eating into Zims face by accident as he snaps into duty mode. His eyes turn red.

GIR: YES MY LORD!

GIR quickly snaps out of duty mode.

Zim: [Wiping the candy off his face] I will use inferior human fundraising techniques no longer!

GIR takes off the hood of his costume and blows a red balloon with an Irken symbol on it from his single antenna.

Zim: Now watch as I unleash the full power of Irken persuasion! [Grabs the balloon]

GIR: YAAAAAAAY I'M GONNA BE SICK!

GIR throws up all the candy he ate right in front of Zim. Zim cringes, but holds up his balloon proud. The camera pans up to the balloon.


GIR sits on the couch (out of disguise) watching Intestines of War. In the movie, a soldier clutches his stomach and falls to his knees.


Soldier: Ah, my intestines!


GIR laughs. The phone rings. GIR picks up the phone. Rob Hummel, a Video Outhouse employee, is on the other line.


Rob Hummel: Hey man, it's been 4 weeks since you rented Intestines of War!


Rob pounds his fist on the counter.


Rob Hummel: It's 20 days overdue! Hello? Hello!?!


GIR: Who is it!?!


GIR hangs up the phone. The credits for Intestines of War play:


THE CAST

THE GENERAL - RESS STEVEL

SARGE - STEVE RESSEL

PRIVATE POOP - HIMSELF

NURSE - J. DUFFI

PRIVATE HACK - KRIZ GRAF

COLONEL COLON - ION

THE PRESIDENT - HED CHEEZ

CAPTAIN - DOOK GURGE


GIR picks up the remote and presses a button. Zim walks into the living room from the kitchen and frowns at GIR from the entranceway.


Zim (impersonating GIR): I gonna watch it again!


The TV shows static. GIR sticks his tongue out, making a squeak noise. Zim squints his eyes.


GIR: I gonna watch it again!


Zim walks over to the couch.


Zim: This is the 100th time, GIR. You have to stop watching this thing or- OH WHAT IS THAT!


The TV shows the FBI Warning at the beginning of the movie. The warning reads as follows:


FBI WARNING
WARNING OF DOOM! Federal law provides severe civil and criminal penalties for the unauthorized reproduction, distribution, exhibition of copyrighted motion pictures in any medium (Title 17, United States Code, Section 501 and 500). The Federal Bureau of investigation investigates allegations of criminal copyright infringement. They will hunt you down like the dirty monkey you are and force you to wear a moose skin and ride a greased piggy while singing folk tunes. They're forcing me to ride the piggy
as I write this. The piggy is smelly!!
Show 11B
PRINTED IN USA Zimpact Inc. All Rights Reserved


Zim: A warning!?! Oh no! Oh no! FBI!?! Who is this FBI!?! What are they trying to warn us about!?!


GIR: Shhhhh!


Zim grunts and howls like a monkey as he runs into the kitchen. The theme music for Intestines of War starts playing. The phone rings. GIR answers it.


Employee: Return that movie!


GIR: You got any of them taquitos?


Cut to Zim's underground lab. Zim sits in his chair at the computer.


Zim: Computer! Give me all the information you have on the FBI!


Computer: The FBI is a government law enforcement agency.


Zim: Continue.


Computer: Insufficient data.


Zim: Insufficient data!?! Can't you just make an educated guess!?!


The computer screen shows an FBI agent stepping on the head of a man who is on the ground with his hands in handcuffs while another agent gives a thumbs up.


Computer: Okaaaay... Uh...


The computer screen changes to show two FBI agents flying through the air holding what looks like cell phones.


Computer: Founded in 1492 by... uh...


The computer screen changes to show some demons.


Computer: ...demons, the FBI is a crack law enforcement agency-


The computer screen changes to show two FBI agents breaking into a house, armed with corn on the cob.


Computer: -designed to... uh... I dunno... Fight aliens?


The computer screen changes to show an agent punching an alien and holding his badge while another is kicking an alien and giving a noogie to another alien.


Zim: I knew it! This is bad! This is so bad!


GIR squeals as he opens a bag of Poop Corn and pulls out a handful of uncooked kernels. He giggles and puts the kernels in his mouth. He then proceeds to chew them. Zim scampers up to GIR.


Zim: GIR! That movie is some kind of government spying tool! Quickly! Eat it!


The phone rings. Zim pulls out a voice changing device and presses a button several times as the phone continues to ring. He holds the device up to his throat and presses the button, shinning a red light from the device onto his throat.


Zim: Hello?


Zim holds the device up to his throat again and presses the button.


Zim (deeper voice): Hello?


Zim holds the device up to his throat again and presses the button.


Zim (even deeper voice): Hello? Good, okay.


Zim picks up the phone.


Zim (with deep voice): Hello? How may I help you today?


Rob Hummel: I'm through playin' around! You better return that video or else! This is your final warning!


Zim (with deep voice): I'm sorry, I do not know what you are talking about. I am normal.


Rob Hummel: If that thing isn't in the drop off box by the time we open tomorrow, you're gonna payyy..... late fees!


'Late fees' is echoed. Rob hangs up the phone. A small girl is standing at the counter holding a DVD.


Mary: I wanna rent this one!


The girl holds up the DVD and smiles, making a squeaky noise.


Rob Hummel: Why? So you can keep it for weeks and weeks and not return it!?! What about all the other people who wanna watch it!?! You ever think about them!?! Huh!?! Huh!?!


The girl starts crying. Cut back to Zim's house. GIR chews on Poop Corn kernels. Zim hangs up the telephone and holds the voice changing device up to his neck.


Zim (voice back to normal): That was them! I have to return this thing now!


Zim begins walking up to the TV.


GIR: No! I'm still watching it! I wanna see what happens! I need it!


GIR knocks his bag of Poop Corn off of the couch and starts crying. Zim stops the movie and presses eject.


GIR: Whu... Why!?!


Zim takes the DVD of the movie and walks out the door with it. GIR runs around in circles screaming and crying. He stops running and hops in place. He holds his head and screams a long high pitched scream and then falls to the floor, asleep and snoring. Zim walks up to the mall. It is night. Zim pulls a pair of goggles over his eyes, but other than that he is out of disguise. He walks up to the front door and tries to open it, but it won't budge.


Zim: They've locked down their fortress... with locks! Okay, nothing I can't handle. I'm returning this stupid movie no matter how hard they try to keep me out!


Four robotic spider legs emerge from Zim's Irken Utility Pack and becoming welding tools, creating an opening big enough for Zim to walk through. The robotic spider legs retract into Zim's Irken Utility Pack. Zim walks into the mall. In the main security room, Zim appears walking into the mall on one of the many television screens covering the walls. Slab Rankle, chief security, stands in the center of the room monitoring the security screens. He keeps his left eye shut at all times.


Slab: Rest easy, various retail outlets. Sergeant Slab Rankle is on the job!


Slab Rankle walks up to the security screen displaying the Delicious Weenie restaurant and puts his hand on it.


Slab: Sleep tight, Delicious Weenie! Your seedy buns will go unharmed this night!


Slab rubs the security screen that shows the Video Outhouse.


Slab: Ah, the Video Outhouse! Slumber well, sweet Video Outhouse, with your video treasures nestled deep within your vulnerable belly. Slab's on the job!


Slab stands proud and makes a squeaky noise. Slab gasps as one of the security screens blinks.


Slab: What's this!?!


Slab examines the security screen and sees Zim creeping through the mall, hugging himself against the wall. He darts behind a mall location map, then peeks his head out from behind it. He then examines the map to see where the Video Outhouse is.


Zim: Let's see... Video Outhouse, Video Outhouse... Fourth floor, D405...


The intercom in the mall turns on, making high pitched feedback.


Zim: Ah! They know I'm here!


Slab speaks to Zim through the intercom.


Slab: The mall is closed! You are in direct violation of code 4 slash 7 2! Prepare to face my wrath!


Zim: Who are you!?!


Slab: Sergeant Slab Rankle, serial number F305769 and you are in direct violation!


Zim: I violate nothing! I've come to return this video disk and there's nothing that your precious FBI can do to stop me!


Slab: The FBI!


Slab laughs.


Slab: Nothing but amateurs! No, my friend, I'm afraid your tangling with someone far worse than the FBI. You just crossed... mall security!


Zim: Security? You're not the FBI? Huh. I worried for nothing. This is just a typical Earth store. I've let my fears get the best of me. Heh heh heh, I'm very funny.


Spot lights activate around the mall. One shines down on Zim. Zim runs screaming.


Slab: The game begins.


A panel emerges on Slab Rankle's security control panel with a button labeled 'defenses.' Slab holds his hand over the button. Zim runs down the mall hallway and turns a corner. He sees the Video Outhouse up ahead.


Zim: There!


Zim sees the video drop-off box.


Zim: Simple! This little stink man will not get in my way!


As Zim runs towards the Video Outhouse, Slab presses the defenses button. As Zim runs past the Bank, the sign that says 'Bank' detaches and comes crashing down. Zim summersaults to narrowly avoid getting crushed under the sign. Zim gasps. Lasers shoot out from where the 'bank' sign was. The sign for a small cart called 'MUGs' falls off revealing three bright lights. A wheel extends from the cart and lifts it off the ground as the cart's roof unfolds. Two more tires extend from the sides and create a laser in between them. Lasers extend around the entrance of the Delicious Weenie. A pillar in the mall opens up and shoots lasers out of it. A protective casing covers the entrance to the FrisbeeB's store. A small tree tilts to the side and another pillar opens up and shoots lasers. The entrance to another store is protected by lasers and a small clump of bushes flips over and several devices extend from it. Several more stores get protected by lasers including the Video Outhouse. Another pillar turns into a laser device.


Zim: Huh? Ah!


Suddenly, the top of a small tree near Zim bursts and create a huge wall of lasers blocking Zim from the half of the mall behind him.


Zim: Ah!


Many laser cannons emerge from the floor in a row. The shoot out laser beams one at a time and Zim backs away from them as they get closer to hitting him. Zim starts running. A new laser beam appears behind Zim every second. As he runs by some rods sticking out of the ground, the lasers cut through them. Zim's mechanical spider legs extend giving Zim more speed. Zim runs up towards the transformed MUGs cart. It fires lasers at Zim. Zim leaps into the air, but the MUGs Cart's lasers cut through Zim's mechanical spider legs. Zim flies through the air and rolls across the floor as the last of the laser beams appear behind him. Zim gets up and sees that the Video Outhouse is right in front of him. Behind Zim, a fish water fountain stops spurting water from its mouth. Zim glances at it and hears a beeping sound. Zim hears a different beeping sound and glances in another direction. A large slug that serves as a mall bench sits in front of a store, making the other beeping sound. Zim hears another beeping sound and turns around to see a pig dressed in western clothes in front of a Cowboy Cousine restaurant for decoration. Zim glances around and sees that the three fake animals create a triangle around him. Zim makes a run for it and runs towards the Video Outhouse. A grappling hook launches out of the fish's mouth. Another grappling hook shoots out of the slug's mouth. Two more grappling hooks launch from the pig's nostrils. The grappling hook from the fish attaches to one of Zim's ankles while the grappling hook from the slug attaches to his other ankle. The two grappling hooks from the pig attach to Zim's wrists, causing him to drop the Intestines of War disk onto the ground. The grappling hooks suspend Zim off the ground. Slab walks towards Zim from out of the Video Outhouse.


Zim: Release me! Release me or suffer the wrath of Zim!


Slab picks up the Intestines of War disk.


Slab: We meet at last, young trespasser!


Zim struggles to escape.


Slab: Quiet! There'll be time for you to grovel later!


Slab paces back and forth.


Slab: Tell me something, do you understand the concept of business hours? Do you? Well? DO YOU!?!


Slab pokes Zim's face.


Slab: We have rules for a reason, boy! Without them, there is only chaos, and chaos is, oooh, I don't even want to think of it.


Zim: Could you drop that disk in the slot behind you and let me go with a warning?


Slab: I'm afraid not, this is evidence.


Slab lifts up the disk. He rubs the disk on his face.


Slab: And as for letting you go, NO!


Slab pulls out a remote control. He presses a button and the floor tile underneath Zim opens up as a trap door. The grappling hooks let go of Zim and he falls into the trap. Slab presses a button and the tile closes.


Slab (impersonating the president): Good job Slab Rankle, your country commends you!


Slab switches side so he can pretend he is talking to the president.


Slab: Thank you, Mister President!


The grappling hooks retract into their animals. Zim screams as he falls down a chute into a prison cell. He grunts as he hits the floor. There are seven other prisoners in the cell. One of them is the scary monkey, who grunts and scratches his head. One of the prisoners, a black teen, turns around and sees Zim.


Teen prisoner: Whoa! Oh man! An alien! An alien!


Zim glances around nervously.


Zim: Huh?


Zim turns around and puts on his wig. When he turns back to face the other prisoners, his goggles are gone and he is wearing his contacts.


Teen prisoner: False alarm.


Sgt. Shriver steps forward.


Sgt. Shriver: Rankle got you too, uh? Welcome to our little club... of doom!


Zim: Who are you people?


Sgt. Shriver: We've all got our reasons for being here; shoplifting, loitering, singing...


The Sgt. Shriver motions towards a middle aged man wearing glasses.


Glasses wearing prisoner: I said I was sorry, what can I do? I got the music in my soul!


Sgt. Shriver: He caught me sleeping during my shift. When you break the rules, Rankle sends you here. Every couple a days, he takes someone away. They never come back... Some say he just lets 'em go. Me? I say he takes them and turn 'em into horrible zombie soldiers in that new zombie lab they just put in out back.


Teen prisoner: But I don't wanna be a zombie soldier...


Zim: Has anyone ever escaped?


Sgt. Shriver: The only guy who ever escaped, never made it out.


Zim: Heh?


Sgt. Shriver: Mmmyep.


Zim glances up at the hole in the ceiling that he fell in through.


Zim: There is hope! With the proper guidance, anything is possible and I'm telling you right now, you can get out of this cell if you only believed that you can, then you can! Trust me! Rise my fellow prisoners!


The prisoners look up hopefully.


Zim: Rise up and use your revolting limbs to escape this prison!


The Sgt. Shriver walks over to where the hole in the ceiling is, followed by a Mc Meaties employee.


Zim: That's it! Yes! Climb on top of each other and form a stairway!


The Sgt. Shriver and the Mc Meaties prisoner get down on all fours. The teen prisoner starts climbing on top of them. Other prisoners walks towards them.


Zim: A stairway of hope and cooperation! It's time to run free through your hideous streets once more! If we work together, we can get out of here! Who's with me!


All of the prisoners have formed a stairway, with the scary monkey on top. The prisoners cheer and the scary monkey howls. Cut to the security room. Slab sits in a chair in the center of the room.


Slab: And don't worry, Lemonade on a Stick stand! Your brave protector Slab Rankle will remain ever vigilant!


The Intestines of War disk sits on the chair next to Slab. Cut back to the prison cell.


Sgt. Shriver: We're doin' it! We're doin' it!


Zim: Yes! Onward to freedom!


Zim climbs up the prisoners.


Zim: You see what can be accomplished if you just work together!


Zim climbs onto the scary monkey and jumps off of him into the hole.


Sgt. Shriver: Hello?


The sound of Zim moving through the pipes is heard.


Sgt. Shriver: Hellooo?


The sound of something closing is heard. Zim lifts the floor tile that he fell through earlier and peeks his head out. A small camera tree surveys the area. It passes by Zim peeking through the tile and then goes back to double check, but the tile is back in place and Zim is gone. The camera tree rotates to face another direction. Zim pops back out of the tile and carefully shuts it behind him. He looks over at a staircase that leads to the security room, but a laser beam protects each step. Zim glance behind him and sees the Cowboy Cuisine pig, smiles, and then runs to the stairway. He leaps onto an arrow sign that says 'security' that is right in front of the door. Zim starts waving to the pig.


Zim: Hey! Over here!


Zim starts making noises. The pig's targeting systems aim for Zim. It makes a squealing sound then launches a grappling hook. Zim jumps out of the way and the grappling hook goes through the sign and all the way to the top of the staircase where it latches onto the door to the security room, giving Zim a safe runway to reach the door. Zim runs along the thick wire of the grappling hook. In Slab's security room, Slab looks at a security screen showing the House of Lard.


Slab: Do not fear, lard house. I'll keep your many enemies at bay!


Slab sits back down in his chair.


Slab: And you-


Slab opens his left eye revealing that his pupil is a little smiley face when Slab discovers that the Intestines of War disk is missing.


Slab: Huh? What!?!


Slab looks over the edge of the chair for the disk. Slab looks over towards the security door and sees that it is open a jar. The is some debris on the floor that leads to a broken generator. The generator creates sparks and smoke. Slab looks at it with his mouth hanging open. He looks back at the security screens that cover the walls. They stop showing security camera views and instead spell the words 'LASER GUARD SHUTDOWN.' Slab starts sweating.


Slab: It's not that easy, my friend. Slab Rankle is not that easy to pull one over and defeat. Slab... and Rankle, and, and... Slab, and... Time for zombies!


Zim runs down the mall hallways holding the disk. The stops right in front of the Video Outhouse and looks behind him. A zombie rises out of the trashcan. Another bursts out of a hidden compartment in the wall hidden by a poster that shows the mutant from Door to Door holding hands with a child with the words 'SUPPORT FRIENDSHIP.' Rows of zombies go down the escalator. More zombies are dumped onto the ground through a large tube.


Zim: Zombies!?!


They approach Zim. Zim hyperventilates as they close in. Zim stands still, too scared to move. A few zombies fall backwards. Some run into each other. One falls backwards into the fish water fountain. Zim wiggles his tongue at the zombies. The zombies don't seem to really notice him. Zim walks past them towards the Video Outhouse. A zombie dressed in torn security cloths stands in Zim's way, but that zombie just falls backwards. Zim walks on top of that zombie. The zombie tries to grab Zim when Zim is standing on its chest, but Zim jumps off of it before it can. Zim walks over to the video drop off box and slips the disk for Intestines of War into it.


Zim: Nothing can stop Zim! Nothing! Not even this filthy army of zombies!


Slab pushes his way through the crowd of zombies and walks towards Zim, grunting as he pushes a zombie out of the way.


Slab: Look out.


Slab pushes another zombie out of the way and grunts as he pushes away more. Zim cowers.


Slab: Wait! Stop!


Slab walks up and stands in front of Zim.


Slab: It appears I have met my match. You have bested my zombie soldiers and are a worthy opponent. You have my congratulations- Nay! You have my admiration!


Slab salutes Zim.


Zim: Heh?


Slab: Don't you see? If the two of us combine forces, nothing could stop us!


Slab gets down on one knee and holds out a hand.


Slab: Join me! Together, we will rule the mall!


Slab takes a dramatic pose.


Zim: Uh, no, that's okay.


Zim marches off. When he walks out the exit, a zombie leaning against the wall next to the door sticks her arm out. The door shuts on the zombie's arm. Slab stands backwards on the escalator.


Slab: I guess it's my lonely duty to stand guard. Sleep tight, sweet mall. Everything's okay. I'm here, baby.


Slab reaches the top of the escalator and falls backwards.


Slab: I'm here.


Zim sits alone at a table in the Skool cafeteria. He has a tray full of the cafeteria food. He pokes a sandwich with his fork and it squeaks. Zim watches as Smerve, who is sitting at the table across from Zim, stuffs his own sandwich into his mouth. Zim looks over at another table where kids are devouring their lunch. One kid licks his empty tray. Zim sniffs his food and spits.


Dib: You know, anyone who watches you obsessively every day would notice that you never actually eat any of the food. Why is that, Zim? Don't like the taste, or is it something more?


Dib lifts up a slice of bologna from Zim's tray and holds it in front of Zim.


Dib: A weakness?


Zim: Don't be ridiculous!


Zim knocks away the bologna by slapping Dib's arm.


Zim: I have already stuffed my normal human belly so full of delicious human FILTH that I could not eat another bite.


Dib: Bologna!


Dib tosses the slice of Bologna at Zim and it hits him in the face. It starts to sizzle and steam on Zim's skin. Zim screams in pain and jumps on the table. He runs over to the edge of the table.


Zim: The meat! The meat! The horrible meat!


Dib laughs as Zim falls off of the edge of the table. Dib walks away laughing as Zim lies on the ground with a bologna-colored welt where the bologna burned his skin. The words 'THE NEXT DAY' appear as Dib's laughter is still heard. Spoo and Dib run into the Skool. Spoo runs into the class and runs to his desk and Dib walks in behind him.


Ms. Bitters: You're late, Dib! This is the third time this week.


Dib: Sorry, Ms. Bitters. I was in the biology room trying to get pictures of that vampire gerbil in action.


Ms. Bitters: That excuse is getting old! Sit down!


Dib walks over towards his desk. Zim scratches the bologna welt. Dib walks over to Zim's desk.


Dib: Are you still mad about that thing with the sandwich?


Zim groans and pounds his desk. Brian grabs Zim's face and tugs on it.


Brian: Hey, Bologna-Boy!


Zita points at Zim.


Zita: You got bologna on his head!


Zim gets up and feels his bologna welt. The class laughs.


Zim: That's it, Dib. Laugh now, yes. Laugh and frolic in your vile meats of evil.. Meats of evil!


A voice chants 'Meats of Evil.'


Zim: But know that vengeance shall be mine! Oh, how it will be mine!


Dib sits down at his desk and springs back up with a gasp of pain.


Dib: Ow!


Dib feels his behind. Zim laughs. Dib looks at his chair and sees a tack. Dib lifts up the tack and looks at it.


Dib: This is your vengeance, Zim? A tack? That's pathetic! Even for you!


Ms. Bitters: Class, today's horrible lecture is about something horrible. Open your horrible textbooks to page 2038.


Close-up on Dib. Even more close-up so we see Dib's skin and then at a microscopic level. Cut to Zim (out of disguise) in his lab, looking at the same microscopic image displayed on a monitor.


Zim: Beautiful. If Dib's cellular reaction is the same as it is for these test cells, then my vengeance will truly be complete. Sleep well this night, miserable human.


Cut to Dib's room. It is night. Dib sleeps in his bed.


Zim's voice: For it will be the last peaceful sleep you will ever know.


A voice chants 'Meats of evil' again. The next morning, an ambulance drives down the street, causing some birds on a branch to scatter, as Dib and Gaz walk out of their house on their way to Skool.


Dib: They try and say it's just a regular mountain range on the Martian surface, and it's just a trick of the light, but come on! It is so a monkey face.


Two dogs walk up to Dib. The smaller one starts sniffing him.


Dib: Go away!


Dib nudges the larger dog in the face with his foot.


Gaz: Looks like you finally found some friends who actually wanna be around you.


Gaz starts walking across the street. A whole bunch of dogs run down the street towards Dib. Dib screams. The smaller dog clings to his back. Dib waves his hand behind him to knock off the small dog, but it bites his hand. Dib groans.


Dib: Quit it!


The dog lets go of Dib's hand and jumps off of his back. Dib sucks on the place where the dog bite his hand.


Dib: Hey... I'm delicious!


Dib runs across the street to where Gaz is.


Dib: Gaz! Taste me! I'm delicious!


Gaz slowly starts to back away, then turns around and starts running. Dib licks his hand. The dogs surround Dib, growling. Dib screams. Cut to Ms. Bitters' class. Ms. Bitters is writing something on the chalk board. Dib walks in, panting. His clothes are all torn up. Ms. Bitters turns around to face him, pointing the chalk at him. Dib walks towards his desk. He is scratched up and his ears are bitten.


Ms. Bitters: Late again, Dib! And what is it this time? Vampire babies or bigfoot mailmen?


Dib: Dogs... chasing me... So many dogs!


Zita: Hey...


Zita holds her nose.


Zita: What's that nasty sandwichy smell?


Class: Ew...


Sara gags and holds her mouth.


Sara: I guess it's- Sara gags and holds her mouth) -Dib!


Sara points at Dib.


Carl: Dude. Dude!


A fly flies past Carl.


Carl: I left my underwear on for a month once and it kinda smelled like he does!


Zita holds her hands over her mouth to keep herself from barfing. Most of the other classmates plug their noses.


Zim: Who's the joke on now, Dib? I told you you'd suffer my revenge and now look at you!


Dib: What? Your mind-controlling slobbery dogs now? Real scary, space boy. A quick shower and your vengeance just washes right off.


Off-screen Kid: Aw man! I'm gonna throw up!


Sara: The stink! The stink!


The top of Sara's head goes into smoke. She falls limp onto her desk.


Ms. Bitters: Silence! If I have to put up with the awesome force of your collective child stench every day, then so shall you all!


Dib sits down. He sniffs his hand.


Dib: What... is that smell?


Dib licks his hand.


Dib: So familiar!


Ms. Bitters: The Skool has lost its funding for textbooks, so you've all been given wildlife survival manuals. Today you will be quizzed on how to skin a moose!


Ms. Bitters starts sniffing the air. Ms. Bitters gets onto her desk. She then walks through the classroom, sniffing the air and grunting.


The Letter M: Ms. Bitters, I think there's a skinned moose somewhere in the class!


The Letter M falls out of his desk, smoke rising from his body.


Ms. Bitters: Dib!


Ms. Bitters slithers over to Dib.


Ms. Bitters: You stink! Go to the bathroom and roll around in the toilet until you smell better!


Dib: But I'll smell like the toilet!


Ms. Bitters: Exactly.


Dib: But... Willy was the last one to use it!


The camera pans to the back of the class where a filthy child sits at one of the tables behind the desks. Willy laughs.


Ms. Bitters: Now!


Dib starts walking towards the door.


Zim: Oh yeah, Dib? Uh, my vengeance is now complete.


The class cheers. Cut to the bathroom. Dib scrubs his hands in soapy water in the sink. Dib licks his arm.


Dib: Nope... Still delicious! No one should be this delicious! What's going on!?!


Dib groans and the tack falls from his coat. Dib picks up the tack and examines it. Close-up, it appears to be an alien device.


Dib: Zim!


Dib sets up his computer in one of the stalls. He hooks up a device to the laptop and sticks the tack into the device. He presses a button on the device and it creates a swirl of energy above it.


Dib: Computer, analyze. Run a chemical check. Is there any unusual foreign substance on the tack?


Computer: Analysis done. Unknown substance detected.


Dib: And my skin sample, does it contain the same substance?


Computer: Yes. Substance detected in Dib cells.


Dib: So, a foreign DNA sequence! And Zim got it inside me by making me sit on that tack! Computer, where did this DNA originate from?


Computer: Analyzing...


The computer shows an image of the DNA. That changes to an image of a cell. That image zooms out until it is a group of cells. That image zooms out until it shows a child eating a Bologna sandwich. Bologna sausages are in the background. the child's shirt says 'Baloney.'


Dib: Bologna! Zim has introduced bologna DNA into my body!?! Computer, have I absorbed the bologna?


Computer: No. Subject Dib has been fused with subject Bologna.


Dib: Noooooooooooooo!!!


In the stall next to the one Dib is in, Billy Slunchy is pressed up against the wall in fear. Billy wets his pants. Cut to Ms. Bitters' class. Ms. Bitters holds the wildlife manual and has it open to a page showing a picture of a moose. Zim waves his arms.


Ms. Bitters: Zim?


Zim: Is it a fair fight? Is this moose creature wielding any sort of projectile weapons?


Ms. Bitters: No. No it's not.


Dib bursts in. The students cover their noses.


Kids: Ewww...


Dib: I know what you've done, Zim, and it's not funny!


Zim: I don't know what you're talking about. Get away from me, sandwich boy!


Dib tackles Zim.


Dib: The cure! Make it stop, Zim! Make this thing you've done to me stop!


Zim smacks Dib away.


Zim: There is no cure! And I'll never make it stop! You might as well resign yourself to your meaty fate! I told you you would forever rue the day you messed with Zim! Now, begin your ruing!


Zim sits back down.


Zim: I'll just sit here and... watch.


Zim starts laughing. He continues laughing for a long time. Dib looks around at the class. They are all covering their noses. Carl has his beanie pulled over his face. Dib starts sweating.


Dib: Nooooooooo!


Dib bursts out of the classroom and runs out of the Skool. As he exits the skool, a giant Zim looms over the Skool building, still laughing. Fade back to the classroom, where Zim is still laughing. Zim stops laughing and looks at the rest of the students. Zim clears his throat. Cut to Zim walking home. As Zim walks, two dogs run past him. Zim turns to face the direction the dogs were heading to. He sees a bunch of dogs licking Dib. Dib's head is now circular.


Dib: I know all about your little trick, Zim. I must admit, it's a pretty good joke. I... I think it deserves some praise.


Dib holds out a hand to Zim.


Zim: Finally, the day has come. It's about time you acknowledged me as the superior being I so am. It will make my victory even sweeter to know that-


Zim takes Dib's hand and yanks his hand back in pain, groaning. Dib laughs and raises his hand, revealing that the tack was tap'ed to his hand.


Dib: Joke's on you, Zim! Now you have to find a cure for the bologna thing!


Zim: Huh?


Zim snatches the tack from Dib's hand.


Zim: Fool! You think I would share the cure with you? I'll find a cure and keep it all to myself and then watch you transform more and more into what you really are deep down in your heart!


Dib: Deep down I'm bologna?


Zim: Yes.


Dib: That's just dumb.


Zim: Dumb like a moose, Dib. Dumb like a moose!


Zim scampers off.


Dib: Hey wait! The cure!


More dogs run towards Dib. Dib starts running away. The dogs follow him. Zim enters his house. Cut to the lab where Zim sits at a monitor screen, out of disguise. His face is somewhat swollen. The monitor screen shows the bologna DNA reaction inside of him. Zim moans.


Zim: No! The reaction is much quicker inside of me! It's worse than I imagined! Computer, quickly engineer a serum to reverse the effects of the mutagine!


Computer: Command voice not recognized. Intruder present.


Zim: Intruder?! I am Zim!! Run a scan to verify that I am Zim!


Computer: Bio scan verification complete. Intruder is Bologna.


The computer shows an image of bologna. That image reflects in Zim's eyes as he stares in horror. Out of the ceiling, mechanical arms lower to get Zim. One of the arms grabs Zim. Cut to Dib's house. Zim sits in the kitchen resting his head on hand. He is now more bloated than before. Gaz grabs a chunk from his head and eats it. The doorbell rings. Dib walks over to the door and opens it. Zim stands there, just as inflated and bloated as Dib. His uniform is stretched tight across his round body, and his limbs have become stubby. Meanwhile, the sound of dogs barking can be heard.


Zim: The dogs! After my juicy meat body of bologna meat!


Dib: Zim! What are you doing here?


Zim: My base, my labs, they don't think I'm really me! The transformation is so bad it sees me as a different creature now! I must use your labs!


Dib: You want to use my labs?


Zim: It's the only way! I must find the cure! Quickly, the dogs! Listen to them!


A dog howls.


Zim: You know, it would benefit you as well.


Zim sweats.


Dib: Just this once... We work together!


An unseen spotlight lights Dib up.


Dib: Mortal enemies working together for the common goal!


Zim: Be quiet!


Cut to Dib's lab. Dib opens a cupboard and pulls out some beakers full of liquid. Dib hands the beakers to Zim. Zim pours them into a bowl. The mixture causes an explosion. Dib and Zim's fried bodies fly back and hit the wall. Cut to Zim injecting bologna with a liquid. The bologna melts. A metal arm sticks a container full of liquid into a device. The device spins the container. A monitor screen displays the words 'Analyzing Data.' The words become 'Analysis Complete.' Those words are replaced by 'Fatal.' Zim falls to the ground, groaning. Cut to Zim lifting up a beaker full of liquid. Zim is even more bloated than Dib now. He is now shaped like a sausage.


Zim: Finally! I think we've done it!


Dib grunts as he snatches the beaker from Zim and chugs it down. The liquid speeds up the process and Dib becomes as bloated and sausage-shaped as Zim. Zim gasps.


Dib: Oh, you rotten alien monster!


Dib drops the beaker and it shatters on the ground.


Zim: This inferior equipment! Irken babies play with more advanced toys!


Dib: Hey! We wouldn't be in this mess if it weren't for your stupid evil! This is all your fault!


Dib chases Zim. They wobble as they run. They waddle down a hallway. Dib pushes Zim into a tube but ends up falling in too. They fall through the tube which sends them outside of the house.


Dib: Now what, Zim? What's your next plan?


They look up and see they are surrounded by lots of dogs.


Zim: Let's run screaming.


They run screaming. The dogs follow, barking. Cut to an old abandoned dilapidated house. The dogs have surrounded the house. Inside the house, Zim and Dib sit on a chair, now completely bologna sausages. Flies buzz around them.


Dib: You jerk.


A swarm of bats fly by the full moon and a castle appears. The gates on the fence open and lightning strikes. A tall, dark figure sweeps down from the sky, wielding a glowing sword: This is Vampire Piggy Hunter. He walks into the castle grounds and then looks up and sees a flare in the sky. Out of the flare comes a vampire piggy glowing like a fireball hurtling towards him. Vampire Piggy Hunter grins. A whole army of vampire piggies fly towards him. He leaps into the air and then lands in attack position. He shoots bolts of energy out of his sword, destroying a few vampire piggies. The piggies circle around and fly towards him, blasting lasers out of their eyes.

Vampire Piggy Hunter jumps backwards, dodging the shots. He uses his sword to reflect more blasts from the vampire piggies. The piggies hover in the sky, confused. The piggies then charge Vampire Piggy Hunter. Vampire Piggy Hunter prepares to take a swing at the oncoming piggies, but they swarm him. They gnaw on him. The image of Vampire Piggy Hunter under a swarm of vampire piggies becomes a simplified version on the game screen to Gaz's Game Slave. The words game over appear, dripping with blood. The words Vampire Piggy Hunter appear. Then an image of the Vampire Piggy Hunter along with the score and level appear. Gaz presses buttons on the game slave. Dib sits on the couch next to her, reading a magazine called "Crazy Spooky".

Gaz: Stupid blood pig!

Gaz grunts. Dib reads about an interview with Bigfoot.

Dib: Come on! Bigfoot would never say that!

Gaz: Why do you have to read that in here? I'm trying to play a game!

Dib: Mysterious Mysteries is on in five minutes!

TV Announcer: The vampire piggies are back!

Gaz's eyes widen as she looks at the TV.

TV Announcer: And this time, they're back by the awesome power of the Game Slave 2!

The words Game Slave 2 appear on the commercial.

TV Announcer: Check out these actual game screens.

A sword slashes through the commercial screen so that it splits showing a new image. The image is of three vampire piggies hovering over the sun. The Vampire Piggy Hunter appears and slashes one of the vampire piggies with his sword.

TV Announcer: Are you still playing your old obsolete Game Slave 1? Why!?! What's wrong with you!?!

The commercial screen drips with blood and then shows the castle gates with the words: Vampire Piggy Hunter.

TV Announcer: Have we offended you somehow? Huh? Huh? Huh?

Dib frowns. The commercial screen shows the vampire piggies fly by. The words "In Stores Now!" appear. Vampire Piggy Hunter flies by. The vampire piggies fly towards the camera.

TV Announcer: On sale for 19.99 at all Digital Fun Pit locations. Lines are forming now!

The words "Game Slave 2" appear in flames. Gaz gasps and tosses her Game Slave. It flies into the kitchen past Prof. Membrane, who is looking in the refrigerator. He looks up as the Game Slave flies past. It hits the wall and breaks. The pieces slid down the wall into a trash bin right bellow it. Two souls rise from the broken pieces. Gaz hops off of the couch and walks away. Prof. Membrane walks into the living room holding some food. Gaz walks back into the living room holding a bat and zipping up her stealth suit.

Prof. Membrane: Wait, where do you think you're going?

In the background, the opening credits for Mysterious Mysteries of Strange Mystery start to play on the TV.

Gaz: To the mall. Game Slave 2 goes on sale at midnight. I need one.

Prof. Membrane: Oh! Okay then, have fun. Just one thing. Take your brother with you.

Gaz grunts.

Prof. Membrane: It can be dangerous out there.

Gaz: That's what the bat's for.

A mechanical arm lowers from the ceiling and snatches the bat from Gaz.

Gaz: Aww!

Dib: I've been waiting all night to see this! She can wait to get her stupid game!

Prof. Membrane: Son, video games develop hand eye coordination, and make kids into better human beings!

Dib: Okay... But only after the show is over.

Gaz: You stink!

Gaz groans. Cut to the City Center Mall. Dib and Gaz walk through the mall. Gaz's eyes widen as she looks at a line stretching from the Video Pit on the second floor all the way to the first floor. At the video pit, a sash hung over the entrance says "Game Slave". Gaz groans as she looks at Dib, clenching her fists and gritting her teeth. Her eyes lack pupils.

Dib: It was a... really good episode...

The mall turns into a fiery pit as Gaz groans. She calms down and the mall returns to normal.

Gaz: Hey, Dib. I think I saw a Chupacabra or something going into that parking garage.

Dib: A Chupacabra? But there isn't a goat to feed on for miles!

Dib runs towards a door marked "parking lot". Gaz's eyes widen as she notices a kid is standing right next to her, his heart thumping in his chest. As he talks, his eyes pop out of their sockets. He also gets spit on Gaz as he talks.

Iggins: Hey, is this the line for the GS2?

Gaz wipes spit off of her face.

Gaz: Yes....

Iggins pulls on his face.

Iggins: Cool! As probably the best gamer in the city I had to get the Japanese GS2 a few months ago, but I needed this version because they included a new level... for the American release, the zombie hog level. My name's Iggins, what's yours?

Gaz: Gaz...

Iggins: That's a funny name.

Iggins groans and grits his teeth. Iggins screams. He then tugs on his ears.

Iggins: You're gonna love the new piggy hunter!

At the front of the Video Pit, the clerk and a dumb looking burly man named Peaches stand near a pulley cable. The clerk speaks into a megaphone.

Clerk: Okay guys, no loitering after you get your Game Slave 2s.

Another clerk opens up the line and the kids in line begin running into the Video Pit. As the clerk continues to talk, Peaches giggles to himself.

Clerk: As soon as you make your purchase, one of our clerks will assist in attaching you to this pulley cable that leads to the exit.

Poonchy rushes out of the Video Pit prancing around and holding his new GS2 while giggling happily.

Poonchy: Thank you, supreme being!

Peaches looms over Poonchy and grabs him by his collar. He attaches him to a hook on the pulley cable and pulls back. Peaches lets go, sending Poonchy flying. He hits a tree as he speeds along the cable. The kids in line look worried. Cut to Dib wandering through the parking garage.

Dib: There's no Chupacabras in here! Gaz should leave the paranormal sightings to the experts. Now, where's the exit? Man, this place is bigger than I thought.

Cut back to Gaz and Iggins in line. The entrance to the Video Pit is in sight.

Iggins:-Completed more mini-quests than are even in the game! That's how I know I am pretty much the master of all reality and all that encompasses it, because you know-

Time passes and Gaz is closer to the entrance of the Video Pit.

Iggins: -And then all of the sudden, everyone is clapping when I beat the final boss! You know, I didn't think it would be so easy, but it was! it was totally easy! It was like completely easy!

More time passes. Gaz is next in line.

Iggins:-But I've always remained true to myself, you know? I just gotta be Iggins, you know what I mean?

Gaz: No.

The clerk hands a GS2 to Speegly, the kid in line in front of Gaz. He goes into tears and gets on his knees.

Speegly: Oh, thank you supreme being! Thank you!

Clerk: Next!

Peaches grabs Speegly. Speegly screams as Peaches hurls him. Speegly causes an explosion as he hits the first floor. The tree in the mall falls over and lands on the pulley cable, ripping it out of the wall. Peaches scratches his behind.

Gaz: Finally.

Gaz walks up to the clerk. The clerk looks at the empty shelves behind him.

Clerk: Uuuum... That's all! Uh, we should be getting more GS2s in stock in... maybe a month or two! Thanks for coming!

Gaz: What!?! No!!! They can't all be gone! I sat through Mysterious Mysteries for this!?! There must be one left!

The clerk lifts up a GS2.

Clerk: Well, someone ordered one but never picked it up. If-

The clerk moans and jitters.

Clerk: -Clarence Wong doesn't show up, it's yours.

Iggins groans.

Iggins: Clarence Wong? Oh...

Iggins laughs.

Iggins: That's me!

Iggins shoves Gaz away and pulls out some money. The clerk takes the money and gives him the GS2. Iggins runs off, giggling and skipping. Gaz looks up. She is on the floor next to an overturned table and several broken GS2s. The place where Gaz is turns into a dung pit. Iggins skips through the mall and then stops abruptly. Gaz stands in front of him.

Gaz: You're no Clarence Wong. You stole my Game Slave. You said you gotta be Iggins.

Iggins: I saw an opening and I went for it. That's how I beat the Katchukablorg in Battle Battle Footy Kick, and that's why I'm the superior gamer.

Iggins skips away as Gaz shakes angrily. Iggins sings as he skips out of the mall and towards a car. He opens the passenger seat and is about to get inside.

Gaz: That one is rightfully mine! I'll buy it from you, but there's no way you're keeping it. Not without invoking my wrath anyhow.

Iggins: You know, you need help.

Iggins gets into the car and shuts the door. The car speeds off. Iggins waves to Gaz. It starts to rain. Lightning strikes. Three teenagers ride towards Gaz on scooters. As they ride by, Gaz grabs the bar of the scooter closest to her. The rider screams as he flies off. The other two stop and look back, but then continue. Gaz gets on the scooter and looks over the town. Cut to the mall parking garage level 4. Dib opens the entrance door and walks inside.

Dib: Hello?

Dib walks towards a car as it drives out of the parking garage. The car doesn't stop for Dib and drives off, throwing a can of poop cola out of the back. Rat people emerge from their hiding places in the dimly-lit parking lot, hissing. One of them grabs the empty can of poop cola.

Dib: A colony of horrible rat people! Hey, do you know the way outta here?

Some of the rat people start eating junk on the ground.

Rat Person: There is no way out! We all got lost here too! And we've been here ever since!

Female Rat Person: Ever since!

Rat Person #2: No way out! There's no way out!

Dib: Oh come on! Getting lost in a parking garage did not turn you all into horrible rat people.

Female Rat Person: I was once a man!

Dib: But you're a woman.

Rat Person: You'll be just like us soon!

The rat person drools.

Dib: I don't think so. I think I see the exit over there! See ya!

Dib walks away. Cut to Iggins' house. It's still raining. Lightning strikes. Iggins' car pulls up. Iggins walks out of the passenger door, playing his GS2. Iggins shuts the passenger door behind him.

Iggins' Mom: Don't forget to lock the door and go straight to bed!

Iggins: Alright, mom! Have fun at work!

Iggins' car pulls away. Iggins skips into his house. Gaz pulls up on the scooter. Iggins grunts as he walks up stairs, playing his GS2 as he goes.

Iggins: So we meet again, Ultra Pigulon! Prepare for destruction!

Iggins walks into the bathroom. The sink runs while he brushes his teeth with a device hooked up to his head that brushes his teeth for him so he can keep playing his GS2. Lightning flashes and Iggins sees Gaz in the mirror outside the window, dripping wet.

Iggins: What?

Gaz isn't there when he turns to look.

Iggins: Ah, I must be tired. A new level! I'm almost there!

Iggins turns around and sees that THE GAME IS MINE is written on the mirror.

Iggins: The game is mine.

Iggins gasps. He turns around. Lightning flashes and Gaz appears at the window. Iggins screams.

Iggins: Wait, how did you write that if you're out-

Iggins turns around and points at the mirror, then turns back around to face the window, but Gaz is gone.

Iggins: Huh?

Lightning flashes and Gaz reappears at the window, jutting out from the side. Iggins screams. His tooth-brushing device flies off of his head. Lightning flashes and she disappears and reappears outside the window, jutting out from the other side. Iggins screams. Lightning flashes and she disappears and then reappears outside the window, hanging from the top. Iggins screams again. He starts to shake. He walks over to the window and looks out. Gaz is nowhere in sight. The light in the bathroom goes out. Pounding is heard. Iggins walks out of the bathroom.

Iggins: The front door!

Iggins runs over to the top of the staircase. He looks at the front door. The handle wobbles. Iggins sweats. The door opens and Gaz walks in, dripping wet.

Gaz: The Game Slave 2, give it to me!

Iggins screams and runs into the closet. He sits there, breathing heavily. He looks at the Game Slave 2. It starts blinking the words "Battery Low".

Iggins: No... power... low!

Iggins pulls on his shirt collar.

Iggins: But I haven't reached the save point yet! I have to see the zombie hog! Need... batteries!

Iggins hears Gaz walks by, growling. After she is gone, Iggins opens the door and makes a run for it.

Iggins: Batteries!

Iggins sobs.

Iggins: Must... find!

Iggins runs into the living room. He picks up the TV remote, but sees the batteries have been taken out of it. He groans. Cut to Iggins' room. Iggins looks at a toy monkey that plays the cymbals. Iggins sobs.

Iggins: Monkey!

Iggins picks it up, but sees that the battery slot is empty. Iggins screams. He looks over at his computer and sees that his emergency battery has been taken from behind a glass slot on the wall. Iggins groans.

Iggins: No!

Iggins hyperventilates.

Iggins: No!!!

Iggins hyperventilates.

Iggins: Nooooo!!!

Iggins runs into the bathroom. Gaz stands next to the toilet, holding a plastic bag full of all the batteries over an open toilet.

Gaz: Looking for these?

Iggins: I need those! Save point... so close...

Gaz: What you need is to give the Game Slave to me, or I will plunge you into a nightmare world from which there is no waking!

Iggins: But... I'm a better gamer than you!

Gaz: I hope you like nightmare worlds!

Gaz drops the bag of batteries into the toilet. Electric volts shoot out of the toilet.

Iggins: It's madness! Madness!

Cut to the Battery Tower building. It's still raining outside. Iggins looks up at the building and sees that it is over 50 stories high. He runs inside. The building is very futuristic looking on the inside. He runs over to a clerk who sits behind a battery booth.

Iggins: Where are the batteries!?!

Clerk: Batteries? 50th floor.

Iggins runs into an elevator and pants. The elevator is sticking out of the outside of the building. Iggins presses the button for the 50th floor repeatedly. He shakes his head and makes noises as he presses the button faster and faster. He stops and exhales. The button for the 50th floor bursts out of its socket and hits Iggins in the face. The elevator shoots up all the way to the 50th floor in a matter of seconds. Iggins smiles. The elevator continues to shoot past the 50th floor and Iggins screams. It finally stops when it reaches the roof. Gaz crawls over the edge of the roof just as the elevator doors open. Iggins screams. He hides in the corner of the elevator. The elevator door shuts, but it reopens so Gaz can walk in.

Gaz: Give me the vampire piggies!

Iggins: You're crazy! It's mine! Mine!

Gaz pounds one of the buttons on the elevator keypad, sending sparks out of it. The elevator shoots downward as Iggins screams.

Iggins: Alright, alright, alright, take it! It's yours, just leave me alone!

Iggins starts crying. Gaz presses the emergency stop button on the elevator keypad. The elevator stops right at the 50th floor. The elevator opens and Gaz walks out with the Game Slave 2. She flings the batteries that are in the GS2 into the air. She tosses the GS2 into the air and then tosses up some new batteries. The new batteries go into the battery slot of the GS2 midair. Gaz catches the GS2 as it falls back down. Outside, it stops raining and the sun shines. A ray of light shines down on Gaz. Her hair goes from dripping wet to her usual hairdo.

Gaz: The rightful order has been restored.

Gaz starts playing the GS2.

Iggins: You'll never be a better gamer than me! Play all you want! I'll always be better! Always!

The cord to the elevator snaps and the elevator plummets downward. Gaz shudders and then walks away. The sound of an elevator smashing into the ground is heard. Cut to the smashed wreck of the elevator laying on the ground. It's smoking and sparks are coming out of it. Dib walks by and doesn't seem to notice it. Suddenly, Iggins' arm bursts out of the wreckage. Iggins pops out and then flies into the air in a fighting stance, grinning and with his eyes popping out. The word "IGGINS!!" appears over him.

Announcer: IGGINS!!


The episode opens on Mars, with the camera panning across the red planet's surface, showing numerous gigantic ziggurats. A spindly-legged, insectoid Irken probe is perched on the ledge of the third pyramid, as it scans the Martian terrain and captures some pictures.

Its task complete, the probe launches off the top of the pyramid and lands on all six spindly legs, churning up a dust cloud around it. It gets up and you can see an Earth rover in the background nearby. Zoom in on the Irken probe, then switch to the view of the Martian landscape seen through the probe's photo receptors; its HUD flashes as it takes photos of Mars' geography.

The probe makes another leap, causing some debris to hit the Earth rover's camera, which malfunctions and shorts out. The Irken probe launches into space and the words MEANWHILE... appear on a black screen.

Cuts back to space, where the Irken Armada is flying around Blorch in full force. At the center of the swarm of Shuvvers, Spittle Runners, Rippers and Viral Tanks is the Massive. Cut inside the Massive itself, where tens of thousands of Irkens are gathered in a large room in the depths of the flagship.

Red: Welcome, Planetary Conversion Team! (cuts to where Red and Purple are standing on a platform) Welcome to Blorch, the latest addition to the Irken Empire and most importantly the first planet to fall victim to our latest effort at universal conquest: Operation Impending Doom II!

(cheering is heard from the vast assembly of enthusiastic Irkens below)

Random Irken: Almighty Tallests rock!!

Red: Now, we erase the remaining organics (Red and Purple move closer to the railing of their platform) on Blorch, paving the way for... I dunno, maybe a... parking structure planet?

Purple (raises his hands): YEAH! PARKING STRUCTURE PLANET! (cheering is heard again)

Red: But first, we'd like to acknowledge the contributions of one very special soldier, without whom this victory - and those surely to come - wouldn't be possible! (cuts back to Purple)

Purple: Invader Zim! (the Planetary Conversion Team members begin cheering wildly a third time, but go quiet as Red starts talking again.)

Red: You see, if Zim hadn't been exiled to the far reaches of the galaxy, he would be here, with us, RUINING EVERYTHING!

Purple: And we all remember how he messed up Operation Impending Doom I! Am I right?

Random Irken: I don't!

Purple: Seize that guy! And uh... throw him out the airlock! (two guys with jet packs come flying up and head for the source of the "I don't". A long, protracted scream is heard from the perceived offender as the two guard fulfill their order. Purple and Red watch on in contentment.)

Purple: That was the wrong guy, but... that's okay! I think everyone gets the point, hm?

Red: So let's give a big cheer for... Invader Zim, for being SO far away! (everyone cheers for Zim)

Another random Irken: Invader Zim ROCKS!

(suddenly red lights flash as an alarm goes off and everyone goes serious and quiet again. Flashes back to Red)

Red: Quiet everybody, quiet! (chuckles) We have a little surprise for you: It looks like we're getting a report from Zim right now! Transfer to the main view screen!

(Flashes to the giant screen monitor and everyone is looking at the monitor with Zim on it, wearing a bear suit.)

Everyone cheers.

Zim: Well, thank you! How very well deserved of me! Invader Zim reporting in, sirs. (salutes)

Red: Yes... Greetings, Zim! Keeping busy, it looks like; doing us proud!

Zim: Thank you, thank you. Yes, yes I am. I'm in a bear suit! (everyone cheers for bear-suit Zim) Please, enough! Following Invader Protocol, I've sent probes out to the surrounding planets to check them for potential use.

Red: Uh-huh...

Zim: Scans from a planet named "Mars" are intriguing. You can expect a full report when I have more information.

Purple (trying hard, along with Red, to keep themselves from laughing): Thank you... Invader Zim! Without your efforts out there, the (stops to laugh) entire operation would... (they stop and burst out laughing) surely crumble! (keep laughing deliriously)

Zim (oblivious to their laughing) Yes. Yes it would.

(Red and Purple finally get a hold on themselves)

Red: Let's hear it for Zim!

(everyone cheers as Zim draws himself up, salutes and signs off)

Purple (touching his head in contempt): Idiot.

Cuts to Zim's base, where he is watching the fuzzy black-and-white screen. Gets out of chair.

ZIM: TRUULY I am AMAZIIING! (removes hood of bear suit) How can they NOT cheer the very site of my progress?

(Zim walks out of the computer room, and into an elevator. He pushes a button on its control panel, then continues talking as it descends)

Zim: Still, I am becoming IMPATIENT with my incredibly subtle infiltration of this planet, and am growing ever hungrier to be the destruction of the humans - DESTRUCTION IS NICE!

Cut back to the small probe seen at the beginning of the episode, catching fire as it re-enters Earth's atmosphere. Its claw-like appendages deploy as it is still flying. Cut to outside Zim's house, which has opened its roof, allowing the probe - along with several other ones just like it - to enter through the top of the house. Cut back to Zim in the elevator with a data transmitter thing near him.

Data transmitter thing: (beeps a few times) All ranged space probes have returned.

Zim: Excellent timing! Begin data download.

He hits a button, and a hole opens up, sucking him down a chute and tearing the bear suit off him somehow. The chute deposits him in his chair, where he immediately presses another button and the tubes detach from the thing he's sitting in. The ship he's sitting in starts moving away.

Data Transmitter: Accessing data from Mars probes. (A small screen is shown on the left of Zim, showing one of the probes)

After the last probe is shown, zoom out to the outer part of the ship and the processing begins, the ship transforms and connects to a stub thing. More transforming and then you see a reflection of Zim, along with another ship, like the ones in the beginning. Gets electrified and electricity bolts come out.

Zim: Some of this landscape looks unnatural... as though nature was not involved in its formation. But the sensors show no life forms. Whatever wiped out these "Mars-oids" (does air-quotes) must have truly been incredible.

Zim pauses briefly.

Zim: ... Incredible enough maybe to assist in my annihilation of the humans? ...GIR!

Cuts to the kitchen. GIR is shown on the table, with a mini table in a heart chair with a pig.

Zim: (Offscreen) GIR! Meet me in the lodge hanger!

GIR: (puts down cup and has a cupcake mustache) I gotta go pig . I'll see ya later! (Pig just blinks and sits there and makes a squeaking sound. Flashes back to GIR. GIR gets on the table and breaks dishes and repeats himself in a crazier tone) I gotta go pig! I'll see you later! (he goes into duty mode and speeds off, causing a fire and setting the pig on fire. Pig looks in horror as it is on fire.) Cut back to Zim, as GIR floats down in normal robot form and sits by him.

Zim: We're going to MARS!

GIR: (squeaks with excitement)

The roof opens up and the ship starts rising up away from Earth. They speed out and pass the moon, a waning crescent.

GIR: Are we there yet?!

Flashes to Dib's house. Panel over a chalkboard, then to some Mars pictures, and then to Dib's computer.

Dib: (talking to Agent Darkbootie, The Swollen Eyeball Network.) The camera stations have been there for years, Agent Darkbootie. But when they didn't find any life after the first week NASAplace gave up on them. But I haven't. Look what I found. (shows a picture to Darkbootie.) This is what one of the camera (shows a Mars probe seen in the beginning, NOT the Irken data thing.) stations looks like. (he keeps showing pictures of things that Zim's camera captured pictures of.) This one was taken a couple of nights ago (shows the Irken probe) Look up here. (points to the Irken ship.) NASAplace says this is a thumbprint. (zooms out) That is no thumbprint!

Agent Darkbootie: Hmm... You've done well, Agent Mothman. But the Swollen Eyeball needs conclusions of evidence before finding anything that is confirmed alien activity. Let me know if you find more. (looks towards the audience) Darkbootie- out. (screen goes blank and Dib walks away from the computer and compares a picture of the moon (purple) and the normal moon.)

Cuts back to the Voot Runner. Mars can be seen. GIR is seen sleeping on Zim's head.

Zim: Get off my head, GIR. I have a good feeling about this lead (GIR is getting off of Zim's head and onto the floor to sleep.) I can almost taste the humans being destroyed. It's DELICIOUS! This 'Mars' holds the key - I just know it! New words of praise will have to be invented so they can pre- GET OFF MY HEAD! (GIR is on Zim's head again) The taste of impending human annihilation grows stronger in my amazing head. (makes a small, quick, munching sound with his teeth, as if to say something is delicious. GIR tries to copy him, but he doesn't do it right.)

Cut to Mars and show Zim and GIR landing their ship on Mars. They halt and GIR goes flying out of the ship. Zim comes out normally with protective gear on. He presses a button on his neck and it makes a bubble-like helmet go around his head, which then goes invisible. He looks around Mars and sees his ship, pyramids, land formations and GIR flying and messing around.

Zim: Now, lets find out what destroyed the people who built this ugly thing. (GIR crashes into one of the Mars probes that Dib got a picture of. GIR lands right in front of the camera.)

GIR: Awww! It's broken!

GIR fixes the camera while Zim is climbing up the Face of Mars. Zoom out and show the top of the mountain-like formation, with Zim being almost to the top.

Cut back to Earth and to Dib's house.

Dib: Dad! As a man of science you at least have to admit that this picture shows something freaky and of some spooky alien origin.

Professor Membrane: I'll say it again. Those stations haven't been monitored for one simple reason: (zoom into Professor Membrane) There ARE no aliens. None able to travel the massive distance to our planet anyhow. You've been watching those transmissions since you were a baby with an ENORMOUS head. (he shows how big he means) It's time to move on, son. REAL science. Try it." (he grabs a mini puppet of himself and holds it for Dib to see).

Dib walks back to his own bedroom and turns on his computer to check the cameras. 3/4 of the images are working right, the 4th is buzzy, black and white. Dib sits for a while and then GIR's face appears on the fourth screen before it goes back to fuzzy.

Dib: What was that?

He presses button that switches to the screen with GIR on it.

GIR: It's me! Oh yeah! (shakes rear end) WOO!

Zim (offscreen) GIR! Come here!

GIR moves the camera over to Zim, standing on a Mars rock.

Dib: AW, MAN!

Zim: This is pointless, GIR! This planet's a ROCK! A useless wasteland. Ooh. Whoever they were, they left no sign of what wiped them out. They just left these stupid structures here to taunt me. I HATE THEM! And I hope they d- (kicks skeleton) Huh, oh yeah.

GIR: I can see up his nose!

Zim: This means more time on Earth (he chucks the skeleton down to the rocky land, where it explodes.) with the stench of humanity. Filthy Humans! (he stomps angrily)

A ringing sound is heard.

Zim: WHAT IS THAT SOUND???

The planet starts shaking, the ground opens up, and the gaps shine light out of the cracks. GIR hops in a crack.

Zim: GIR!

Rocks open up, and tools pop up from the holes and cracks. The Face activates with Zim still on it. The point opens and Zim hops off of it for his safety. He falls on the ground and grunts.

Zim: Ugh!

Dib: DAD! Gaz! Come see this!

Professor Membrane: Please! No more foolishness, son!

Gaz: Your voice is stupid!

Cut back to Mars, where a giant glow is seen from a distance with dust clouds everywhere. GIR falls off a pole with spears on top of a binocular-shaped pillar. GIR hops off and a clinking medal sound from him is heard. Zim walks over and they both look up.

Zim: HUH! (gasps in horror)

Zoom out to Mars from space view. Cables appear all over Mars, covering it and forming circles and lines. Holes open, and rocket engines pop out.

Zim attaches GIR to him and they look up to a pilot seat at the top of the opened Face.

They are next seen climbing up to the seat. They settle in and Zim presses a button on the screen.

A green holographic image like the skeleton Zim kicked earlier pops up.

Green holographic image: Welcome pilot! How ya doin'?

Zim: Who are you! What is all this?

Green holographic image: (in a robotic electronic voice) I am all that is left of my people, an interactive instruction manual for the incredible vessel YOU are now a pilot of.

Zim: (puzzled) Your people were instruction manuals?

Green holographic image: No, no—huh?

Zim: Vessel? This thing's a ship?

Green holographic image: My people worked themselves into extinction converting our planet into a navigable space vessel. Using similar technology tested and proven on another, nearby planet.

Zim: What other planet?

Green holographic image: That's not important right now.

Dib: Another planet?

Zim: Why would you do all that?

Green holographic image: Because it's cool. (starts smiling)

Zim starts to talk, but GIR cuts him off.

GIR: Mm-hmm.

Cut to the back of the planet. Blue fire appears in the rockets and it blasts off. The sky for the three of them changes from Mars' atmosphere to the stars of the solar system. A rock falls on Mars and GIR goes flying.

GIR: AAAH!

Zim looks behind him.

Cut back to Blorch.

Red: The Invader behind this important first victory is... Uhhh...

Rarl Kove: (whispers to Red, points to a doorway with Invader Skoodge in it.)

Skoodge stands there, wipes some dirt off himself, straightens his back and smiles proudly.

Red: Invader... Skoodge? (looks at Purple.)

Silence, except for a small murmur that is heard among the Irken crowd.

Video camera-type machines surround Skoodge.

Red (whispering): Ah, this can't be right! That can NOT be the poster boy for IRKEN galactic conquest! He's so... short!

Purple: And ugly! I mean, look at him!

Skoodge walks forward, with camera-bots still following him.

Skoodge: Greetings, my Tallest! As the Invader responsible for this planet's downfall, I get to launch the traditional cannon sweep. Right?

Red: Um... Yeah. Uh-

Skoodge: So that no Irken food has to come into contact with any unsafe or alien filth! Who-ah! (makes farting noise)

Red: Um, yeah. Well, there's a NEW tradition now!

Purple: Man, you're ugly!

Skoodge: AND short! (looking proud)

Red: The new tradition is that you get to BE launched as part of the cannon sweep!

Red summons a large cannon, which pops out of a closed hole in the wall of the ship, smoking. Purple and Red open the door.

Purple: That's right. In you go!

Skoodge struggles to get in, so the two Tallest give him a little assistance by slamming the door on him. Skoodge is seen looking out the window of the cannon.

Red: Commence Organic Sweep!

Skoodge is seen being shot out of the cannon, screaming all the way.

Skoodge: AAAHHH!!!!

Purple and Red are watching in contentment.

Purple: You! (pointing at random Irken) Your name is now Skoodge, conqueror of Blorch.

Cameras surround the randomly chosen Irken, whose name is Grapa; he smiles proudly due to his newfound fame.

Cut to Blorch, where rats are seen fleeing from the lasers of the Irken ships.

Purple and Red are shown laughing, watching the lasers.

Purple: (while laughing) Rem- Remember the time Zim called us, (laughs) and he was--- (stops to break down) he was covered from head to foot in meat? (still breaking down laughing)

Red: (laughs) Yeah, the meat ended up fusing to his flesh and (heh) and he almost went blind when it invaded his eye sockets!? (breaking down laughing and pulls his eyelids down, imitating Zim.)

Both laugh.

Red: Meat!

Both break down laughing some more.

Red: Meat!!!

They keep laughing until an alarm goes off.

Red: Oh, it's Zim, it's him. Hold on, hold on. Shh! Stop it! (They keep laughing)

They luckily stop laughing just in time for Zim to call.

Zim: Greetings, Tallests! I bring more evidence of my unbelievable skills.

Purple: (choking while laughing) More evidence!

Zim: Yes! I've made an exciting discovery: The planet Mars is actually a giant spaceship (shows drawings) built by floating heads. I am going to fly it to Earth (drawing of Zim on Mars going to Earth and smashing it) where I will roll it around on the surface, squishing all the Earth life and leaving it free for us to conquer (Purple's eyes are watering and his lip is quivering, looking as if he might explode from laughter) without resistance!

Drawing goes away.

Zim: Prepare the fleets, for I will be firing the first falling of Earth's organic sweep TOMORROW! Invader Zim- signing off! (salutes as he signs off)

Purple and Red practically die of laughter.

Zim is seen on Dib's computer, flying the Mars spaceship. Dib stands up heroically, jacket flapping in the breeze and the light glinting off his glasses.

Dib: I have to stop him!!!!!

He bolts for the door, but finds his dad there, holding a puppet of himself.

Professor Membrane: Where are you going at this hour?

Dib: Oh, you know...

Professor Membrane's puppet: To save the Earth?

Dib: Yes. (sound annoyed and embarrassed)

Dib bolts out the door.

Professor Membrane: My poor, insane son. (shakes his head and looks at his puppet.)

Cut to NASAplace, where Dib is approaching.

Dib: Dooropenoritstheendoftheworldweregonnadurr--- (he babbles so you can't tell what he just said.)

The guards of NASAplace look at him in a confused way.

First Guard: (sticking his head out a window) Was that the uh...

Second Guard: Mm-hmm. (nods)

First guard: ...Crazy UFO kid?

Second guard: Yep.


2nd half

Inside NASAplace, scientists are seen everywhere.

NASAplace Worker: (spills coffee on his shirt when he sees Dib) Oh, no... DIB.

Dib: I know what you're gonna say, but you have to believe me this time! Mars is a giant spaceship and it's being piloted by an alien—

NASAplace Worker: Is this that... Zig you always talk about?

Dib: ZIM! He's activated the Face on Mars and now he's flying the whole planet like some horrible- WOW, this sounds REALLY STUPID. Doesn't it?

NASAplace Worker nods his head.

Dib: Anyhow, the floating head said that there was another (shot of the janitor's TOP SECRET NASAPLACE! TRASH can) planet, and that they modified it with giant engines. We have to find out which one! (janitor guy listens, narrowing his eyes as Dib talks)

NASAplace Worker: Alright, let me get this straight.... (spills coffee on Dib, who cringes and steps back) He's flying... eh. uh... (spills ALL his coffee on the floor out of his heart mug) What's he flying?

Dib: (pointing) There! Look! You can see him on the Martian camera feeds!

He heads over to the Martian camera feed, but a guard pops out of a hatch in the floor.

Guard: Sorry, kid. Since they cut the funding we're not even allowed to look at the camera feeds.

Different NASAplace Worker: (alarm goes off) WHOA!!! It's ooh, uhh, uh, I think it's an asteroid! It's HUGE! (does a hand motion for the word "huge") Uh, and it's heading straight for us!!!

Dib: It's Zim! Just look at the screens!

NASAplace Worker: (idly spills even more coffee all over himself) Okay, do we have to go through the whole "funding" thing again?

Zoom out to Mars with Zim at the helm, laughing maniacally.

Zim: People of Earth, prepare to taste the mighty foot of my planet! (laughs like a maniac as Mars speeds ever closer to Earth)

Cut back to the Tallests, who are playing with two balls representing Earth and Mars in a mocking reenactment of Zim's plan.

Purple: I'm Zim! (smashes Earth ball with Mars ball) I'm squishing out all life! (they both start laughing)

Red throws the Mars ball at Purple and they break down laughing again.

Back at NASAplace. Dib walks out of the Mission Control room and bumps into the janitor.

Dib (crashes into the janitor) Wha?

Janitor: I believe you. I think I can help you. (pointing at Dib's head)

Dib: What're you gonna do? CLEAN me?

Janitor: The other planet you mentioned, the one you said was also fitted with the giant engines? It can only be MERCURY! (he digs something out of his pocket and looks at it. But first he looks around to see if anyone is watching. It's a map. He shows Dib) There! The BUTT on Mercury! (pointing to the Butt on Mercury) A lesser known structure than the Face on Mars, one just as mysterious.

Dib: Yes. That's it! Now how do I get to the Butt?

They go into a door marked NASAPLACE JANITORIAL. The nose of a rocket dominates the small space within the room.

Dib: What is it?

Janitor: It's an old monkey ship from back in the days when they used to shoot monkeys into space.

He opens up the monkey ship, presses a button and smells the air within.

Janitor: Ahh... you can still smell the monkey.

Dib: Does it still work?

Janitor: (does hand motions and Dib looks downwards) I've done all the repairs myself.

He places Dib in the monkey ship.

Dib: Why would you help me?? NOBODY ever helps me!

Janitor: Let's just say... my eyes are swollen.

Dib (realizing): Agent... Darkbootie?

Dib starts up the ship, then puts on a space helmet. Janitor Darkbootie shuts the monkey ship and gives him a thumbs-up. The agent walks out the door as the ceiling opens and the rocket fires up. The roof opens and the Monkey Ship starts leaving Earth. The words USA are seen on the top of the Monkey Ship. Some security guards run around for safety when they see Dib's ship launching into space.

Cut back to Mars, with GIR humming cheerfully as he makes a little face in the Mars sand; first he adds an eye with each hand, then uses his open hand for the mouth. Once done, he idly starts stabbing the face with an Irken pennant.

Zim: This is taking too long! I told the Tallest to bring the fleet tomorrow! At this rate we won't be done with our destroying by then! There must be some boosters... Ah, here! (he finds a button that looks like a cupcake, with a trapezoid bottom and waves at the top; he presses it) Hold onto something, GIR!

GIR stops what he is doing and hangs onto himself. They move at a high speed, and Zim starts laughing evilly. GIR is seen getting blown by their speed and the Mars dust is seen hitting him. GIR screams. GIR gets blown all the way onto Zim's head, where he clings for dear life. GIR laughs along with Zim, as does the Martian hologram.

Dib is heard yelling. Zim's eyes get huge while the others are still laughing.

Zim: That sounded like- NO, it couldn't be. (they continue laughing)

Chaos ensues back on Earth as people run in fear. 

Man: We're all doomed. Doomed!

On Mars, Zim happily eats a sandwich while GIR pilots them toward Earth. On Earth, a group of people look up in wonder at Mars approaching in the sky. The man from earlier returns.

Man: Hey! We're all doomed, remember?!

The group of people proceed to scatter and scream in fear. Mars catches fire as it enters Earth's atmosphere. GIR and Zim laugh; Zim is now piloting and GIR is using the fire to roast a weiner. Zim's own head has begun to catch fire.

Zim: Now... slowing to SQUISHING speed!

Zim presses some controls as the ever-nearing planet casts a shadow over a large area on the surface of Earth. People hide in sewers. Courtney Lily, sitting at a park table with a soda can, looks up at Mars and screams in terror as it draws near him. Mars makes contact with the can of soda Courtney is holding on the surface of the table and he screams violently as if in excruciating pain as Mars slightly crushes the can.

Courtney Lily: Oh! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, oh, no, no! No!!

In the street on the other side of the fence of the park, a child cries over an ice cream cone she dropped in the road. She picks it up and puts it back in the cone and licks it happily before it falls over again, and she continues crying. Courtney screams throughout in the background as Mars still lays still on his soda can.

He shields himself as another planet knocks Mars back into space. Zim grunts and GIR smiles as Dib flies above them.

Dib: Not while I'm around, Zim! Don't tell me you actually thought you'd WIN this!

Zim: Oh, you horrible interfering Dib!

Dib pilots Mercury in a panel wedged between two mounds of rock mounted on a platform on the planet's surface.

Zim: Taste the mighty doom of my moons!

Zim presses two buttons on his panel and two mechanical claws extend from the planet and grab the moons, hurling them at Dib. Dib pilots Mercury behind Earth, out of Zim's view. Dib comes back around and charges at Zim. Zim and GIR scream as Mercury nearly crushes them, and chases them into the sun. Zim and Dib drive alongside one another.

Zim: You shouldn't have interfered with a superior force, Dib. You'd have been better off just staying on your planet and getting squished just like everybody else.

Dib: Well, you shouldn't have bothered coming to Earth, because I'll stop you at every turn.

They continue chasing each other and head toward Saturn. Zim holds on as hard as he can as he and Dib circle around each other. Dib gets behind Zim, and Zim decelerates to knock himself into Dib. He leaves a giant hole in Mercury and accelerates again. Dib is stuck in between the two mounds. Zim screams when he sees Dib approach in the mirror.

Zim: GIR, go take care of the Earth-boy.

GIR goes into Duty Mode and salutes, then jumps over to Dib and sits next to him. He reverts to "normal" and playfully begins pressing random buttons on Dib's panel.

GIR: What's this do? What's that do?

Mercury is steered in another direction. A car horn is heard.

Dib: No! Aaah!

Zim: Maybe that little robot isn't such a bad evil minion after all.

GIR: What's that dooo? What's this do? What's it do? What's it do?!

Dib touches GIR's shoulder.

Dib: Hey! Go away.

GIR: (beat) Okey-dokey!

GIR runs off, and Dib turns around, pursuing Zim once more. Zim's antennae raise as the planet approaches him from behind. 

Zim: Let's see if you have the piloting skills to maneuver through the asteroid belt, feeble Dib thing!

Dib stays behind as Zim ventures into the asteroid belt, laughing evilly.

Dib: That's just stupid.

Zim: Look at that cowardly human! We'll see who's stupid when... 

Zim looks ahead of himself and screams as asteroids come toward him. They fly past and take chunks out of the ground, destroying part of the flight deck he's sitting in. He runs over to his Voot Cruiser, raises the windshield, and flies away as he is pelted with rocks.

Dib: You might as well return to your home planet, Zim. I've recorded this whole thing; irrefutable proof of your existence. There's no way you can...

Dib looks behind him and notices detached and ripped wires.

Dib: That little robot! He took my cameras! No!!

Inside the Massive. Red lights flash as they receive a transmission.

Purple: It's Zim. Are you ready for this?

Red: I just started breathing from the last one.

Zim appears on-screen.

Zim: Mission accomplished, my Tallest. I have rid the solar system of planet Mars.

Purple: I thought you were trying to destroy the Earth.

Zim (nervously): Oh yes, that. You heard wrong. This time I was trying get rid of Mars. You know, just a little warm-up before I destroy the humans. Yeah, see, I'll do Earth next. I'm an unstoppable death machine, you know. Well, Invader Zim, signing off.

GIR swings on a wire behind him, yelling happily. The transmission is cut, and the entire room erupts in laughter. Red and Purple nearly fall over.

Purple: Unstoppable death machine! Did he say, "unstoppable death machine"?

Red: He needs a little warm-up!

Purple: A warm-up, a warm-up. Oh, please. Please, did he say, "unstoppable death machine?"

The camera pans down and in front of Red and Purple, revealing the screen behind them and above the crowd, displaying the ships surrounding the Massive. Mars tears through the ships on the screen as Red, Purple and the entire crowd face the other way, too rapt with laughter to notice.

Mary stands at the front of the class dressed as a fairy princess. She talks with a lisp.


Mary: And I think unicorns and dwagons are pretty! So that's why I'm a faaaiiwy pwincess for Halloween!


Ms. Bitters' desk has a rotting jack-o-lantern on it. The desk is styled for Halloween.


Ms. Bitters: I was a fairy princess once, too...


Cut to a dream world with smiling mushrooms shaking maracas near a small house at the edge of the woods. A tiny and younger Ms. Bitters as a fairy princess flies through the air. A bug zapper lantern hangs from a nearby house.


Ms. Bitters' voice: Everything was so nice and peaceful... 'till one day it all went horribly wrong!


The fairy princess Ms. Bitters flies into the bug zapper, scorching her and creating flashes of light. Cut back to the class. All of the students are wearing their Halloween costumes, except for Zim. Dib isn't in his seat.


Ms. Bitters: Huh, Halloween. Now it's just a shamelessly commercial ploy to turn children into candy-starved zombies!


Zim shudders.


Ms. Bitters: But it was once a nice medieval holiday.


Brian, who is wearing a bunny costume, looks at Zim and screeches. Zim screams. Ms. Bitters continues to drone on, which is only audible as 'blah, blah, blah.' Melvin, who is wearing a cardboard television set costume, looks at Zim and screeches. Zim screams. Chunk, who is wearing a pumpkin costume, looks at Zim and screeches, revealing he is wearing vampire fangs. Zim screams. Mary looks at Zim and screeches. Zim screams. Aki, who is wearing a sort of wolf man costume, looks at Zim and then picks her snout, grunting. Zim looks over at Dib's empty desk.


Zim: Huh, huh!?!


Zim screams.


Ms. Bitters: What is it now, Zim?


Zim: The Dib! He's missing! They've taken him and drained him of his sweet, sweet blood candies!


Zim ducks under his desk.


Ms. Bitters: Who's taken him?


Zim: The candy zombies!


Ms. Bitters growls. Light flashes in the hallway. Dib's screams can be heard. After another flash of light, the hallway begins to turn into a nightmarish setting, and more so with more flashes of light. A final flash of light makes the hallway return to normal. Dib runs through, screaming. Zim glances around nervously, breathing heavily.


Zim: It's like you said! The children tried to end the hunger for sweetness... in their... rumbling, undead... bellies!


Ms. Bitters: That's not what I said!


Dib bursts into the classroom, panting. Zim screams and jumps behind his desk.


Dib: Sorry... I'm late... Horrible... nightmare visions!


Ms. Bitters: It's called life, Dib. Sit down.



Dib takes his seat. Zita is wearing a butterfly costume.


Zita: Dib seems more crazy than normal today.


Zim screams.


Zim: It's starting! He's one of the zombies now! Look out for your blood!


Brian: I don't know, Z. Zim's bein' kind of wacked, yo.


When Brian says 'yo,' he says it in a really deep voice. Zim hisses in Brian's face. Dib sits at his desk, babbling.


Zita: But Dib's got a long history of crazy. For all we know, Zim's just weird.


Zim screams. The Letter M is dressed as a vampire.


The Letter M: Zim's screaming like a howler monkey. That seems more crazy than weird to me.


Zita: The Letter M has a good point, but Dib's always screaming like a howly monkey.



When Zita says "monkey", she says it in a an odd, high-pitched voice.


Dib looks at his hands. They start to disappear.


Dib: Happening... again!


Brian: Except for right now.


The Letter M: Yeah. Right now he's babbling like a maniac... monkey.


The class looks away to discuss among themselves. Zim screams as Dib completely disappears. Zim pushes up against the wall, screaming and gasping.


Zita: Okay... Maybe Brian's right.


Before anyone notices Dib has disappeared, he pops back into place.


Dib: Monsters! Hideous monsters!


Zita raises her hand.


Zita: Ms. Bitters!


The sound of gears moving is heard as Ms. Bitters jitters to life.


Ms. Bitters: Yes, Zita?


Zita: We think Dib's even crazier than normal today! Can we use one of our crazy cards to send him to the crazy house for boys?


Ms. Bitters: Each class only gets three crazy cards a month! Are you sure you want to use one?


Zita looks over at Dib. Dib is sprawled over his desk. He flips out of his desk and onto the floor. Dib starts babbling again.


Zita: Yeah.


Ms. Bitters lifts up a crazy card. A panel on her desk flips over revealing a box with the same crazy face that is on the crazy buckets. Ms. Bitters sticks the crazy card into a slot on the box. The box opens up and a metal ring lifts out. Ms. Bitters grabs the metal ring. It opens up as she brings it down on Dib. it wraps around his neck. Dib groans. Red lights on it blink.


Ms. Bitters: I've activated the crazy collar. The white coats will be here any moment.


Suddenly, the door gets busted down and two white coats, Chuck and Buck, rush in.


White coat Buck: There he is! Get him!


The white coats run towards Dib. Zim stands by the hole in the wall where the door was. He glances around and then runs out into the hallway as Dib screams. He hides behind a trashcan just as the white coats burst through the wall and drag Dib away.


Zim: Soon they'll all be after my delicious guts! I must prepare the bases defenses against this Halloween madness! Heh? Huh?


Zim looks up and sees the hall monitor standing right next to him. The hall monitor's eyepiece rotates down so it covers his eye. Zim grabs the trashcan and puts it over the hall monitor while grunting. Zim runs down the hallway. Outside, the white coats drag Dib to their truck. The open up the back and toss Dib into a padded room. Dib yells. He stands up and looks out a grated window and sees that the truck is moving. He walks over towards another grated window that separates him from the white coats but then falls over as the truck hits a bump. Dib bounces around, grunting. Dib jumps up so that he can have a better view into the window.


Dib: Look, you don't understand!


White coat Chuck: If there's one thing we understand, son, it's insanity.


White coat Chuck pokes her forehead. Dib walks over to a padded wall and leans on it. Suddenly, the arm he was leaning on disappears and Dib falls against the wall. He straightens himself up and then looks at his arms as they start to disappear.


Dib: Ah! No, not again!


Dib's whole body disappears.


Dib: Noooooo!!!


Dib's head fades away. After a flash of light, Dib finds himself in a nightmare version of the truck he was in. It looks the same except darker and with pointy things sticking out of the padded walls. He looks out of the grated window and sees buildings flash back and forth from being normal to nightmare versions. Suddenly, a nightmare bat screeches in Dib's face. Dib backs away. The nightmare white coats start talking.


Nightmare white coat Buck: He's the one! The one with the flashing neck! The one we've been waiting for!


Nightmare white coat Chuck: She said he'd come, and he has!


Dib runs over to the grated window separating him from the nightmare white coats.


Dib: Waiting for me? What is this!?!


Nightmare white coat Chuck: Shhhhh....


Nightmare white coat Chuck turns his (her?) head around to look at Dib, revealing that it is a monstrous head with huge tusks.


Nightmare white coat Chuck: You're talking all SPOO-KEEE!


Dib falls backwards. The two nightmare white coats start whispering and muttering to themselves. Dib's arms fade away, followed by the rest of him. After a flash of light, he ends up back in the normal white coat truck.


Dib: Who's been waiting for me?


Dib jumps up repeatedly.


Dib: Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh?


White coat Buck: What are you talkin' about?


Dib: You said... the monster said... uh, oh, never mind. I'm sane you know.


Cut to Zim's house. GIR sits on the floor, out of disguise. A toy octopus sits on the floor next in front of him. GIR pulls out a remote and presses a button. The toy octopus starts jumping around. GIR laughs insanely. He grabs the toy octopus and places it on his head. Zim walks in.


Zim: GIR! We have to prepare the base! Tonight is a horrible Earth holiday, and-


GIR starts laughing insanely again.


Zim: GIR!


GIR suddenly starts panicking.


GIR: My taquitos!


GIR screams.


GIR: My taquitos! Eh, homina, eh... TAQUITOS!


GIR runs into the kitchen. Zim sighs. Cut to the Crazy House for Boys. The white coat truck is parked out front. Cut to an observation room. Dib is strapped into a chair with metal straps. Wires are attached to his head. A massive observation lens glares down on him from above. A team of scientists watches him from stands above, including Prof. Membrane. The purple goggled scientist stands near him, holding a can of Poop soda.


Scientist: Now Dib, tell us about these reality jumps, as you call them.


Dib: It started last night.


Flashback to Dib's house.


Dib's voice: I was in Dad's lab making some modification to his dimensional scope, hoping to peek into spooky alternate realities...


Cut to a staircase leading down to the door to Prof. Membrane's lab. Above the door there is a sign with a picture of a brain wearing goggles along with the words "Be the brane- Professor Membrane." Cut to Prof. Membrane's lab. All kinds of neat machines fill the room.


Dib's voice: ...Also, with Halloween coming up, I wanted some cool costume ideas.


Dib sits in a chair, looking into the dimensional scope.


Dib's voice: See, I have this theory that some paranormal phenomenon might be the result of collisions between our world and these other dimensions.


Dib turns a knob on the chair.


Dib's voice: I tripled the output, which was a little stupid, but I still didn't really see much. All I got was a brief flash of something, but that's it.


The lab turns into a nightmare version of the lab with shadowy creatures creeping about. Dib also sees flashes of random objects, such as ice cream, and a nightmare lamp post. The lab returns to normal.


Dib's voice: I thought it was just a malfunction, but since then the flashes keep coming...


Dib sees flashes of nightmare creatures, including nightmare Dib and a nightmare toilet.


Dib's voice: ...even without the machine...


Dib sees more flashes of nightmare creatures.


Dib's voice: ...getting longer each time!


Dib sees Count Cocofang along with more flashes of nightmare creatures. Dib screams. The flashback ends.


Prof. Membrane: So I find you here, son. Oh, I suppose it was only a matter of time. You know not to use my tools for your para-science!


Dib: Dad, I-


The scientists start conversing among themselves.


Dib: If the jumps keep getting progressively longer, as seems to be the case, it won't be long before I end up stuck, stuck in that horrible dimension!


The scientist chuckles.


Scientist: Well Dib, hehe, we've got some bad news.


Dib: I just told you the bad news!


The scientist takes a sip from his can of poop soda.


Scientist: Yes, yes, trapped in a horrible nightmare world, very nice. Look, we've decided that you're insane. You'll be confined here for a period no shorter than the rest of your life. Enjoy your stay, bye bye.


Dib: Nooooooo!!! You don't understand!


The white coats grab Dib and rip him from the chair. There is some kind of muzzle covering Dib's mouth muffling his screams as they carry him away. The scientist drinks from his can of poop soda.


Prof. Membrane: My poor insane son.


Dib and the white coats take the elevator to floor 13.


Dib: Listen, this place can't help me! They don't have the equipment! I need someone-


Dib screams as the white coats toss him into a padded cell. Dib runs over to a barred window at the door.


Dib: Wait, it's happening again! It's... nooooo!!!


A flash of light occurs in Dib's cell. The white coats go into the elevator and press a button labeled 'tacos.' Cut to an organic nightmare cell hanging in midair where Dib is confined. Other cells hang nearby containing nightmare monsters. One monster tries to solve a Rubik's Cube. Dib looks around at the other cells. One of them contains Keef. Dib slips and moans as he slides down the slanted floor of his cell towards an opening in the cell grating big enough for him to slide through. Oraface, a toothy nightmare monster, appears on the other side of that hole, screeching. Dib puts his feet on the grating to stop himself from sliding out. He then crawls upwards and grabs his food dish which is attached to the cell by a chain. The toothy nightmare creature screeches some more and then leaves. On the other side of the cell, Dib sees nightmare Dib. Nightmare Dib is in the shadows so Dib can only see his silhouette.


Nightmare Dib: You're him! You're the one!


Dib: The one what? I'm not the one!


Nightmare Dib: You're telling me the prophecy is wrong? 'The boy with the flashing neck will come. He will be the key to freedom... and stuff.'


Dib: Was that Nostrodamus?


Nightmare Dib: I read it on a bathroom wall...


Dib: I... gotta get out of this place.


Nightmare Dib: Then you'll have to escape your own head, 'cause that's where we are... In your head!


Dib: You're insane!


Nightmare Dib: No I'm- well... yes I am. But it's true! This whole dimension exists in your mind, Dib! Maybe that's why your head is so big!


Dib: My head's not big! Why does everyone say that!?! And how do you know my name?


Nightmare Dib: Everyone knows your name here. They're done with this place, ruined all of it! Now they want out, into the real world, and the only way out is through your head!


Dib: This world is a result of my imagination? Maybe I am crazy!


A worm-like platform slithers up towards Dib's cell, carrying the two nightmare white coats and a straight jacket creature. A walk way forms between the worm platform and the cell. The cell opens up. One of the Nightmare white coats is holding an ice cream cone full of green ice cream.


Nightmare white coat Buck: Neck blinking boy!


The face on Nightmare white coat Buck's shoulder pad comes alive and takes a bite out of the ice cream. Nightmare white coat Buck punches the face and it makes a high pitched yell. Nightmare white coat Buck takes a bite from the ice cream.


Nightmare white coat Buck: It's time to go!


Nightmare white coat Buck laughs. The straight jacket creature runs over to Dib. It wraps itself around Dib.


Dib: Where?


Nightmare Dib steps into the light, revealing that he is also in a straight jacket and that he has lobotomy scars.


Nightmare Dib: Right through your big head!


The straight jacket runs back to the worm platform. The cell closes behind them.


Dib: My head's not big!


The walk way connecting the cell and the worm platform disappears and the worm platform starts to lower down. Cut to the outside of the nightmare version of the Crazy House for Boys. They all head for a Nightmare version of the white coat truck. Nightmare white coat Buck holds a drink while Chuck holds a hotdog.


Nightmare white coat Buck: The machine's almost ready!


Nightmare white coat Buck opens the back of the truck.


Nightmare white coat Buck: Soon the time will be right!


A flash of light occurs. The nightmare white coat turns around and sees that Dib is no longer in the straight jacket creature.


Nightmare white coat Buck: He's gone! Oh no!


Nightmare white coat Buck takes a sip from his drink.


Nightmare white coat Chuck: Go on! I like it when you do those speeches all scary like!


Nightmare white coat Buck: Hmm, okay. But then we go tell the boss what happened.


Nightmare white coat Buck clears his throat and shuts the back of the truck.


Nightmare white coat Buck: Soon the time will be right for-


Cut to the normal world. Dib runs away from the Crazy House for Boys wearing a real straight jacket while panting. Dib sees Zim's house and stops running.


Dib: It's the only chance!


In Zim's neighborhood, trick or treaters fill the streets. Zim's door and windows are boarded up. Zim works on hammering another board on the window. GIR sits on the floor out of disguise, playing with his toy octopus. Zim drops his mallet.


Zim: They've mutated, GIR! They were disgusting before but this hunger makes them even more!


Zim looks in the opening in the boarded-up window. He sees a bunch of trick or treaters walk into his front yard. Zim gasps!


Zim: They're coming!


Zim hides behind the couch. He pulls out a hand held radar view screen that shows a bunch of dots coming towards him. Zim groans.


Trick or Treater (offscreen): Trick or treat!


Zim screams. The trick or treaters start reaching their hands in through the openings between the boards.


Zim: GIR, activate the defenses!


GIR eats his toy octopus and picks up the remote.


GIR: Hmm hmm hmm.


The satellite on the house retracts. A bunch of laser cannons emerge in its place. The lasers start shooting. Dib breaks through a window right above Zim. He is no longer in a straight jacket. Zim falls backwards.


Zim: Get away from my blood!


Dib: Zim, I know how weird this is gonna-


Zim: GIR! Stop him! Defensive mode!


GIR hums as he walks over towards the window Dib broke through and leaps out.


Dib: I don't have time for this! The next jump may be the last one and I'll be stuck there forever! They're gonna do something to my head! Something evil!


Trick or treater (off screen): Trick or treat!


Dib: My head's not big!


Zim: I didn't say anything about your head...


Dib: You're the only one who can help!


Zim: Help!?! You!?!


Dib: My dad won't let me use his equipment and I need to reverse the effect!


Zim: Help!?! You!?! Come to me, your greatest, most amazing enemy? Your future slave master and you ask for help!?!


Dib: You're the only other person with the technology to-


Zim: Be gone with you! I've had enough of your nonsense from your smelly mouth filled with... corn!


Dib: I haven't been eating corn!


Zim: LIAR!


Zim tries to push Dib out of the window. Dib grunts as he holds onto the window frame. Dib's arms start disappearing. As he disappears, Zim fades out with him. Dib groans as they disappear.


Trick or treaters: Trick or treat! Trick or treat!


Zim and Dib reappear in the nightmare version of Zim's house. they fall to the floor.


Hummelflesh: The one whose neck blinks!


Zim and Dib look up and see a bunch of nightmare creatures clinging to the ceiling.


Hummelflesh: We've been expecting you!


Zim: The Halloweenies!


Zim and Dib scream as they run for the door. They run out and shut the door behind them as the nightmare creatures drop to the floor. Out in an alleyway in the nightmare world, a nightmare cat licks a severed tentacle. The nightmare cat hears Zim and Dib running towards it. It hisses and jumps away with the tentacle in its mouth. Zim and Dib rest in the alleyway, panting.


Zim: Where are we?


Dib: Some kind of alternate universe. It's based on my imagination somehow.


Zim: And you brought me here!?! You sickening troublesome human!


Zim's robotic spider legs extend from his Irken Utility Pack. Zim towers over Dib.


Dib: Hey! The only way back home is through my head! Anything happens to me and you're stuck here, forever!


Zim grunts.


Zim: Curse you!


Zim's mechanical spider legs retract and Zim falls to the ground.


Zim: Wait- I can still do stuff to your legs, right?


Dib: I guess but- Wait! No!


Zim: Guh, curse you! Well, this is your imaginary world, think of some way out of here!


Dib grunts as he tries to pull off his crazy collar.


Dib: Well, we can't go back to your house. We should try my house. Maybe there's a version of the dimensional scope there!


Dib shakes as they here the hooing of a nightmare owl. Zim yelps.


Zim: Maybe there's something there we can use to defend ourselves as well...


Dib: Good thinking.


Above the alley way, the nightmare cat scampers along a thin branch-like thing connecting two buildings. Zim and Dib run along in the brush towards the residential area. They stop when they see the nightmare creatures walking down the street towards them. They hide behind a tree.


Zim: I hate Halloween...


Hummelflesh's eyes widen.


Hummelflesh: Hmmm? Hmm...


All of the monsters stop. Hummelflesh looks over at the tree that Zim and Dib are hiding behind. The light from Dib's crazy collar can be seen pulsing.


Hummelflesh: Hmm. Look, it's blinky!


The other monsters start running and leaping towards the tree. Hummelflesh eats handfuls of food from a can that he is holding.


Hummelflesh: Do want you want with the rest of him, just save his head!


Dib gasps and breathes heavily as he rips the crazy collar off of his neck. He puts it on Zim.


Zim: What are you-?


Dib tosses Zim out from behind the tree.


Zim: Oh, you wretched-!


Dib (imitating a monster): Arr, he's the one! Arrr!


The nightmare creatures stare at Zim. They growl at him. Zim screams and starts running away. One nightmare creature leaps over Zim, blocking his path. It has a hollow inside with a caged-off opening in its chest. Zim tries running away from this nightmare creature but it uses a tentacle with a mouth at the end to suck Zim into its hollow body. Zim groans as he falls into a pool of slime in the monster's hollow body.


Zim: I'll get you Dib! You stinking human!


The nightmare creature starts hopping away, followed by more nightmare creatures. Giggles falls down and lays motionless. The Admiral stops to look at Giggles and then continues moving. Dib scampers off. The nightmare creatures go into a nightmare version of the Skool. Inside, a large device is pointed at Zim who is attached to a table. The nightmare creatures have gathered around.


Zim: Hey, let me go before something horrible happens to me! Or else!


Hummelflesh holds an ice cream cone. He chuckles and then eats the ice cream in one bite. He then walks over to a throne where nightmare Bitters sits.


Hummelflesh: We brought him for you! His neck flashes and everythang!


Zim: This isn't mine! That miserable Dib, he-


Nightmare Bitters: Silence!


Lightning strikes. Nightmare Bitters leaps down from her throne. She walks over to Zim. Zim gasps.


Nightmare Bitters: This is the wrong one! You failed me!


Hummelflesh starts shaking. Nightmare Bitters leaps over to Hummelflesh.


Nightmare Bitters: You will be condemned to the realm of eternal screaming and, oh, restlessness!


She points over to a massive door. It opens, revealing fire on the other side.


Hummelflesh: But I don't really wanna go there!


Nightmare Bitters: You'll just have to accept it. Here's your ticket.


She lifts up a suitcase and a ticket. His eyes widen and water. Hummelflesh takes the ticket and suitcase and walks over to the door leading to the realm of eternal screaming and restlessness. He stops and looks back at the other nightmare creatures.


Hummelflesh: Well, see ya guys...


He puts on a hat and walks into the realm of eternal screaming and restlessness. The others wave to him while saying their goodbyes. They gasp as the flames get bigger. The door shuts. Nightmare Bitters scratches her nose. She looks over towards Zim. All of the nightmare creatures run away except Yolk.


Nightmare Bitters: As for this one-


Nightmare Bitters leaps over to where Zim is.


Nightmare Bitters: -he may prove useful.


Nightmare Bitters laughs.


Nightmare Bitters: Man I'm spooky!


Cut to the nightmare version of the neighborhood. Dib approaches his nightmare house. He hears Yolk coming and hides behind a trashcan. Yolk walks down the street speaking into a megaphone.


Yolk: We have your little friend! We will destroy him if you do not surrender your head to us!


Dib: Zim's not my friend! You can keep him!


Dib throws a can at Yolk. It hits him in the head. Cut to the nightmare Skool. Nightmare bats fly through the air. Dancing skeletons wearing top hats and partial suits appear. Inside, Yolk approaches Nightmare Bitters' throne. He now has a band aid on his head.


Yolk: Um... I did what you said.


Nightmare Bitters: And?


Yolk: He said we could destroy his friend. Then he threw a can at my head. It hurt.


Zim: Oh, that little worm pig weasel pig!


Lightning flashes. Nightmare Bitters screams. The door to the realm of eternal screaming and restlessness opens. Yolk walks towards it holding a suitcase. He stops to look back at the other monsters, his eyes wattering. The other monsters wave and say their goodbyes. While they are distracted, Zim slips out of the bonds attaching him to the table. He crawls away. Cut to the outside of the nightmare Skool. Zim is on the roof. He slides down the front of the building. He slips at the very bottom and falls in the mud. He gets up, growling.


Zim: Dib drags me into his ugly mind then sacrifices me! If his head weren't so crucial to my escape-


Zim grunts as he rips the crazy collar off of his neck. He throws it away.


Zim: I only hope poor GIR is alright by himself... against those zombies!


Cut to the normal world. Trick or treaters run by screaming. A kid wearing a devil costume and Aki in her wolf man costume) run by screaming. Chunk (in his jack-o-lantern costume) stops in the middle of the street screaming. Kids dressed as a mummy and a space creature run by screaming. Melvin (in his TV set costume) runs by screaming. A kid dressed as bride of Frankenstein, Zita (in her spaceman costume), and Mary (in her fairy princess costume), and Tae (who wears a Godzilla-like costume) run screaming. Mary stops running.


Mary: It's after my candy!


GIR, in his dog disguise, plummets from the sky and knocks Mary over. He squeals happily as he throws handfuls of candy into his mouth. He licks up candy and then crawls into the paper bag Mary used to keep her candy in. He bursts out. He tackles Willy (who was in a super hero costume). Willy's underwear (which he was wearing on the outside) flies off. Cut to Dib's nightmare house. Dib runs inside. He walks over to a door leading to Membrane's lab. As he grabs the handle, Nightmare Membrane materializes in front of him, forcing him to take a step back.


Nightmare Membrane: So, I find you here. It was only a matter of time!


Dib: Dad!?!


Nightmare Membrane's goggles extend on stalks and he wiggles his clawed fingers as he laughs. Dib makes a run for it. Nightmare Membrane's coat extends into tentacles which wrap around Dib's feet. Dib falls to the ground. Nightmare Gaz hops in front of him, drinking 'Dark Juice.'


Nightmare Gaz: We're gonna open your head!


She laughs evilly and then takes a sip from her 'Dark Juice.' She then laughs evilly some more. She takes another sip and then laughs some more. Nightmare Membrane slides over to Dib. Dib looks up at Nightmare Membrane. Nightmare Membrane grabs Dib in his clawed hand and lifts him by his head. Outside, Zim walks towards Dib's nightmare house. He hears Dib and then hides behind a trashcan.


Dib: No! Naa!


Dib screams. The door opens and Nightmare Gaz hops out. Nightmare Membrane slides behind her carrying Dib in his hand. Nightmare Membrane laughs.


Dib: Oh no! No!


Nightmare Membrane: I'm floating!


Zim: Oh come on! I break free and now I have to go back to rescue that little rat that left Zim to rot!?! Why must it be!?!


Zim looks at Dib's nightmare house. Zim walks inside. He opens the door to Nightmare Membrane's lab and runs down the stairs.


Zim: Oh where is it? Where is the scope?


Zim frantically searches through the lab.


Zim: Where is it? Where is it? Hmm.


Zim finds the the scope and picks it up. He looks into it, screams, and drops it. He picks it back up.


Zim: What is that!?!


Cut to the inside of the nightmare Skool. The massive device lowers to face Dib who is now attached to the table. The monsters are gathered around. One of them holds a balloon.


Nightmare Bitters: My revolting minions! At last the time has come! Today, we'll have a whole new world to ravage! As soon as we open the portal in Dib's head, the fun will begin once more!


The monsters cheer.


Monster: Dib's head rocks!


Dib: Don't I get any say in this?


The monsters look at Dib angrily.


Nightmare Bitters: Let the head... thingy... start!


The device roars to life.


Nightmare Bitters: Oh, that was stupid. I should've written a speech. D'oh, head thingy!?!


The Enigma: No... You, you did good! It was great!


Dib struggles to escape. The tip of the device begins to light up.


Nightmare Bitters: No use fighting, child. No use.


A beam shoots from a small crystal that is strapped to Dib's forehead and into the device.


Nightmare Bitters: Soon, my army will march through your disturbingly large head and onto victory!


Dib (thinking): Maybe my head is big...


Zim pilots are large robot through the wall of the nightmare Skool. Dib grunts. The nightmare creatures back away.


Dib: Zim!


Zim looks disgruntled. The robot walks towards Dib. As it walks forward, the monsters walk backwards. Mechanical tentacles fling out of the back of robot and rip Dib from the table. The beam of light still shoots from Dib's forehead. The tentacles hold Dib in front of Zim.


Dib: Oh, come on! You're not mad about that whole 'leaving you to rot' thing, are you?


Zim's eye twitches. The tentacles squeeze Dib.


Dib: Organs... exploding...


The tentacles relax their grip.


Zim: I'm not here because I like you, Dib. I'm just here for your filthy gargantuan head!


Dib: Oh, now it's gargantuan!?!


The tentacles move Dib to the back of the robot. More mechanical tentacles extend from the robot. Zim presses some buttons on the levers excitedly. The tentacles squirt goo all over the monsters.


Monsters: Oh, ewww... Oh, sick!


Nightmare Bitters growls. She starts to morph into a more menacing creature. He legs swell up into larger legs and four more legs sprout from her. Spines sprout from her side and her abdomen expands. The tentacles on her back extend. The monsters back away from her.


Monsters: Ew...


The robot jumps out the hole in the wall and hops away.


Nightmare Bitters: Find them! That kid is our only hope!


The Enigma: Uhhh, o-okay... Oh, oh, oooh.. Uhhh, uhh, oh, okay... Um, hmm...


The Enigma eats a chip. Cut to a trench. The robot is above the trench squirting goo in random directions. Zim uses his spider legs to crawl down the trench wall. They retract back into his Irken Utility Pack. Dib leans against the trench wall, looking at the beam shooting from his forehead.


Zim: I've set the robot thing for auto-defense.


Dib sticks his finger in the beam and struggles to pull it back out.


Zim: It'll buy us some time will we use this thing to widen the portal in your stinking head!


Dib: I don't really know how to use that.

Zim: Irken babies have used more complicated things as play toys. I'll figure it out.


Zim shoves the scope into the beam. He pushes it into Dib's head.


Dib: Hey! Quit it! That's my head!


The robot explodes. Zim looks up to robot pieces fall into the trench. Nightmare Bitters walks through the smoke.


Zim: There! That should be wide enough!


Dib: What about me!?! How do I get back!?!


Zim: Good question! (pauses) But I don't care!


Zim lets go of the scope. It socks into Dib's head leaving a wide beam coming from his forehead. Zim jumps into the beam. He twirls as he gets sucked in as if he were getting flushed down a toilet. Cut to the real world. Trick or treaters lie on the ground in pain, groaning. GIR, now morbidly obese, lies on a pile of candy with chocolate bar stains on his dog suit. A flash of light occurs in the sky and the scope shoots down, followed by Zim, who shoots down, screaming. He goes through the candy GIR is resting on and flies through the air. He groans as he hits the ground and bounces so he hits his fence. Cut back to the nightmare world. Nightmare Bitters corners Dib in the trench. Her minions are behind her.


Nightmare Bitters: There! Through that hole!


Dib moans as he lifts his feet up into the hole and sucks himself through his own head.


Nightmare Bitters: Nooooo!!!


Cut back to the real world. Dib falls from the sky, inside out. He hits the fence and lands next to Zim. He turns himself right-side out and pulls a lollipop out of his mouth. The portal in his head starts closing.


Dib: We... we made it! I made it!


Zim: As soon as my skeleton stops being broken, I'm going to destroy you, Dib.


Dib licks the lollipop. Dib screams and drops the lollipop as Nightmare Bitters forces her way through the portal. She sticks her head into the real world.


Nightmare Bitters: At last, a new perfect world for me to-


Nightmare Bitters groans as she sees Meelina dressed as a ninja lying on the ground. She looks at Chunk in his jack-o-lantern costume.


Nightmare Bitters: Oh, disgusting!


Nightmare Bitters groans as she looks at Hitzi the pain oracle in a wizard costume, and then at Willy in his super hero costume.


Nightmare Bitters: Oh, look at the head on that one!


Nightmare Bitters groans as she looks at Rob. She groans as she looks at Gretchen and Morla. She groans as she looks at Brian.


Nightmare Bitters: Oh, I'm gonna-


She groans as she looks at Spoonita dressed as a mime. She looks at another kid and then Mathew P. Mathers III and Zita.


Nightmare Bitters: Such horrible doodads!


She looks at another kid and then another dressed up at a bug.


Nightmare Bitters: Oh boy.


She looks at the morbidly obese GIR. Flies buzz around GIR. GIR groans. GIR sticks a handful of candy into his slightly sticky mouth and burps out unusual bubbles. GIR hiccups. Nightmare Bitters screams. She sucks herself back through. The portal in Dib's head closes.


Dib: Well, I'll, uh, see you guys at skool!


Dib scampers off. Zim groans. Dib comes back to grab his lollipop. He takes a lick of it then runs away.


The Blotch sits on a throne in a small stone room. The screen is slightly pixelated, since it is a recording. His eye twitches. He squeals, snorts, grunts, then snorts some more. Some of the Children of the Bright and Shining Saucer are in the room with the Blotch. The anchor for Mysterious Mysteries of Strange Mystery holds up a microphone to Yoa. The Blotch continues grunting as Yoa talks.

Yoa: ... And, like the alien said, 'go to the Blotch! The Blotch knows,' so I, like, left my husband and came out here to commune with the Blotch!

Children of the Bright and Shining Saucer: The Blotch knows... The Blotch knows!

The anchor holds the microphone towards himself.

Anchor: What exactly does "the Blotch" know?

The anchor holds the microphone back towards Yoa.

Yoa: Um... The future? I dunno (coughs). It's, eh, really hard to make out, you know?

The Blotch starts screaming.

Yoa: Yeah, he does that sometimes.

The camera pans out so we see the Anchor sitting in a chair, watching this recording of the Blotch on a screen on a control panel in the Mysterious Mysteries studio. On the recording, the Blotch resumes screaming again. The anchor puts his hands on his head and shakes his head in disgrace. The producer opens the door and peeks inside. She wears a badge that says 'We Make Magic!'

Producer: Hey, got bad news: YOU'RE FIRED! (pause, laughs obnoxiously) Gotcha! No, you're not fired, but you will be unless you liven up the show!

The producer walks away. Alexi Aaronovich walks in holding some files under his arm.

Alexi Aaronovich: Submissions for next week's show!

The anchor takes the files.

Anchor: There has to be something good here!

He thumbs through the files and pulls out a sheet of paper and examines it.

Anchor: An unusually fat baby? No.

He puts the paper back and pulls out a new piece with a photo clipped to it.

Anchor: Angry mutant beef jerky... No!

He crumples up the paper in his hand.

Anchor: D'oh, it's hopeless!

Alexi Aaronovich: Well, there's always that stuff that crazy Dib kid keeps sending in.

Alexi motions to a door labeled 'The Dib Archives.' The anchor shudders. His eye twitches.

Anchor: No. No! Not after what happened that last time...

The anchor feels a scar on his face... courtesy of Dib, whose image flashes on screen. The anchor opens the folder on top of the pile labeled 'Pigfoot' and finds a picture of a man in a pig suit inside.

Anchor: "Pigfoot"?! Oh, this is ridiculous!

The anchor puts a hand on his forehead. He looks up at the door to the Dib Archives. He raises an eyebrow, then looks back at the Pigfoot picture. He sighs. The anchor gets up and drops the files on the floor. He walks over to the Dib Archives. He opens the door and flips on the lights, revealing that the Dib Archive is a large room full of boxes, creates and bags full of letters and papers sent in by Dib. As the anchor walks through, the sounds of animals are heard such as hooting and howling. The anchor stops in the center of the room and looks around. He looks down and sees a video disk lying there. He raises and eyebrow and bends over, picking it up.

Anchor: It's got to be better than Pigfoot.

The anchor walks out of the room and sits back into his chair at the control panel. He sticks the disk into a slot. The sound of Zim and GIR laughing can be heard.

Anchor: Get the van!

Alexi runs out of the room.

Anchor: I think we got something!

New opening credits for Mysterious Mysterious of Strange Mystery roll. It starts out with a magnifying glass going across the black screen making the words 'Mysterious Mysteries' appear, followed by the word 'of' which simply flies into place, followed by two electrically conductive poles appear that spell out 'of Strange Mystery' between them in electricity.

Anchor's voice: Mysterious Mysteries of Strange Mystery!

Light shoots through the screen. The screen changes to show a video of a man in his underwear walking through the forest a la Bigfoot. The Anchor appears standing in front of the screen.

Anchor: Now, harder-hitting...

The screen changes to show a silhouette of the Loch Ness Monster.

Anchor: ...faster-paced...

The screen changes to show a U.F.O.

Anchor: ...and even more... mysterious!

The anchor stands on the set of Mysterious Mysteries, which is a platform with 5 chairs and a few television screens in the background displaying things from the opening credits.

Anchor: Are we alone in the universe?

A screen lowers behind the Anchor.

Anchor: Tonight we'll show you some intriguing video that may just answer that vexing question!

The view screen displays a tape made with a hand held video camera that shows nothing but bushes. The camera focuses on this video screen so that it takes up the whole screen. Dib's hands are seen pushing through the bushes. Zim stands next to a tree out of disguise while GIR sits on a branch out of disguise looking at a floating light. Zim is muttering while GIR is squealing happily. Dib speaks out suddenly from behind the camera, causing Zim and GIR to turn, stunned toward the camera.

Dib's voice: Look, Gaz! You're my witness! He is an alien! I have him on tape! I have you on tape witnessing it!

The camera falls to the ground and goes into static. Cut to the anchor standing outside of Dib's house.

Anchor: Thanks to a horribly large-headed boy named Dib, we have a new piece in the puzzle that is the search for alien life! I set out to investigate...

The sound of a car crashing and a car alarm going off is heard in the background. The Anchor walks up to the front door.

Anchor: Kids play without fear in the streets of this humble hamlet. In fact, it's the kind of place where you don't even have to lock the door.

The anchor opens the door and walks inside. Gaz sits on the couch eating popcorn while watching TV.

Gaz: Who are you!?! Get out of my house!

Gaz throws the bowl of popcorn at him. Dib runs up to the anchor.

Dib: Oh, wow! You're here! I knew one day you'd come! I knew it!

Cut to footage of Dib and Gaz as babies. Dib is playing with blocks.

Anchor (voice over): Young Dib has been chronicling the paranormal nearly all of his brief life.

Dib spells out 'aliens' in the blocks. Gaz walks over and kicks the blocks like a regular bully. Cut to a photo of Zim sitting at his desk. The words 'photos courtesy of Dib' appear.

Anchor (voice over): So, when a green kid claiming to be a human boy with a skin condition (A new photo replaces the last one. It shows Zim sitting alone at a table in the cafeteria with a tray of food) entered his classroom, he says (A new photo appears showing Zim dragging GIR (in disguise) along the sidewalk) he was prepared.

Cut to the Mysterious Mysteries studio. Dib sits on one of the chairs on the set. The words 'Dib: large headed believer' appear.

Dib: Look at him. He's so... green.

Anchor: Help us. Clear up what happened that night.

The screen goes black and the words 'dramatic reenactment' appear.

Dib (voice over): I was monitoring some of the higher-frequency radio waves...

The screen fades in to show a set of a forest somewhere in the Mysterious Mysteries studio.

Dib (voice over): ...when I picked up on an alien distress signal! So I went out with Gaz.

Actors portraying Dib and Gaz walk on set. The Dib actor holds up a cardboard camcorder. The Gaz actress wears a crude mask/helmet made to look like Gaz's head.

Dib (voice over): She's kinda my sidekick.

Dib actor: We are close now! I feel it in my brain!

Actors playing bushes are up ahead. They hide behind pieces of cardboard made to look like bushes, but their legs are visible and they are moving.

Gaz actress (in a very un-Gaz-like Valley-Girl voice): Oh, golly! What is that?

The Gaz actress puts her arms around the Dib actor.

Dib actor: Stay back, Gaz!

The Dib actor pushes her back with one arm. She stands in place as the Dib actor continues on. The bush actor walk off set, revealing a large cardboard tree where actors playing Zim and GIR are. The Zim actor wears a mask/helmet made to look like Zim's head while the GIR costume is made from cardboard boxes. The glowing light is recreated with a light bulb hanging from the tree. The ladder leading up the tree is visible behind the tree.

Dib actor: Look, Gaz! You are my witness! He is an alien! I have him on tape! I have you on tape witnessing it!

The Zim actor pulls out a laser gun, which he shoots at Dib. Purple glowing orbs shoot out. They come from a little hole in the fake tree but it is meant to look like they are coming from the Zim actor's laser. They fly past the Dib and Gaz actors. Dib pretends to get hurt, then Gaz grabs her head and screams. A stage hand can be seen eating something and watching up on the catwalk. The Dib actor throws his cardboard camcorder. Zim drops the laser and dives for the camcorder, but so does Dib. They both tug on it.

Dib (voice over): He tried to wrestle the video away from me, but I was too much for him!

The Zim actor lets go and falls to the ground.

Gaz actress: Dib! The glow!

The Dib actor drops the camcorder and climbs up the ladder behind the tree. He shoves the GIR actor out of the tree and yanks on the light bulb. He rips it from its cord and throws it, grunting. It lands near a cardboard bush and shatters. Smoke starts to rise from the bush. It sets on fire. Water is poured on the bush until the fire is out. Cut back to the set where the real Dib sits.

Anchor: Aliens? That's quite a claim! Are you prepared to defend it?

Dib: I think my video speaks for itself.

Anchor: This young man denies your accusation!

Zim walks on the set (in his skool boy disguise) and sits in the chair next to Dib.

Dib: What's he doing here!?! He's the alien!

Zim: I came to put a stop to all your alien talk!

The words 'Zim: Alien?' appear on screen.

Zim: When will the lies end!?!

Anchor: Well, Zim. I guess my first question is... are you an alien!?!

Zim: LIES!!! The filthy Earth boy lies!!! I mean, no.

Anchor: Well, what about the video?

The camera zooms up on one of the view screens until it takes up the whole screen. It shows static, then the static is replaced by the black screen that says 'dramatic reenactment.'

Zim (voice over): I was out playing...

The screen fades and cuts to the set of the tree where the Zim and GIR actors are. The Zim actor shines a flashlight in the GIR actor's face.

Zim (voice over): ...like any normal Earth larva, when he came looking for trouble!

The Zim actor gives the GIR actor the flashlight. The Zim actor walks down the ladder. The Dib and Gaz actors approach.

Dib actor: Hey new kid! Give me your lunch moneys!

Zim actor (speaking with strong British accent): But I need these moneys to buy nutrients!

Dib actor: Give me the moneys or I'll tell everyone you're an alien!

Zim actor: Leave me alone! I just want to play!

Dib actor: Fine!

The Dib actor lifts up the cardboard camcorder.

Dib actor: Look, Gaz! You are my witness! He is an alien!

The Zim actor cowers.

Dib actor: I have him on tape! I have you on tape witnessing it!

Two stage hands can be seen on the catwalk eating pizza. The Dib actor lowers the camcorder, walks over to the Zim actor, and pushes him down. He shakes the ladder until the GIR actor falls out of the tree. Water sprays out of two valves under the eyes of the Zim Actor's Zim mask.

Zim actor: Boo hoo hoo hoo!

The screen fades out and cuts back to the set where Dib and Zim sit.

Dib: That didn't happen!

Zim: He lies!

Anchor: Calm down, you two!

Dib: You'll never get away with this!

Zim: Silence, you tiny brain... head!

Dib: What about that glowing thing? Look at it! That's no human glow.

Anchor: We asked an expert.

The three of them watch Professor Membrane on a screen.

Membrane: Possibly a weather balloon. Or swamp gas.

Dib: Swamp Gas?

Zim: He's crazy. Ask anyone in our class.

Cut to a video of students being interviewed.

Zita: Dib, yeah, um... He's pretty crazy.

Rob: He told me my daddy was a Yeti. My daddy's not a yeti... (begins sobbing, covering his face) He's not a Yeti!

Student 3: What's up with his head?

The video ends

Anchor: Well, Dib, I guess the question for you is: Are you crazy?

Dib: Of course they say I'm crazy! That's what they always say about visionaries.

He notices Zim next to him using a small purple device.

Dib: What's he doing? What are you doing? Calling your space friends?

Zim: Nonsense! It's my medication.

He swallows it agonizingly, tears in his eyes.

Anchor: Come on boys, this is national TV. Some peoples' jobs are on the line.

Dib: This is insane! You've got to talk to my sister. She saw the whole thing.

Cut to a video of the anchor following Gaz on the sidewalk. She faces forward as she walks, trying to ignore him.

Anchor (VO): Zim: Tormented child with a skin condition, or scheming demon from the stars? Dib: Misunderstood visionary, or raving lunatic? Perhaps only this little girl knows. Excuse me...

Gaz grabs a pile of dirt from a flowerpot and throws it in his face.

Gaz: Go away!

Anchor (spitting out dirt): I wanted to ask you a few questions about your brother. Maybe you can us straight on the whole craziness issue.

Gaz turns around and faces the camera again. The anchor gasps and backs away in fear. Cut to Gaz now on the show with Zim and Dib.

Anchor: Gaz, after what you saw, do you believe that your brother got proof of intelligent extraterrestrial life?

Gaz: Intelligent? No. My stupid brother did drag me out to look for stupid Zim. He didn't make that part up.

Cut to another re-enactment. Dib now holds a seemingly resistant Gaz by the arm as he whacks himself in the face repeatedly with the camera. We approach Zim again. Zim and Dib make retard noises and Dib points at the light bulb.

Zim and Dib: Huh, huh, shiny...

Zim faces Dib

Zim: Duh?

Dib clears his throat. We cut to the POV of the original video again. Zim flops around involuntarily and falls over.

Dib: Look, Gaz. He is an alien. I have him on tape; I have you on tape witnessing it. Duh...

Gaz kicks Dib in the legs and knocks him over. The video ends. Cut back to the studio. A boom mic hits the anchor.

Anchor: Huh? Oh. It looks like we will never know what really happened that night. I'd like to thank you all for watching what will almost certainly be the final episode of Mysterious Mysteries.

Someone comes up to the anchor and whispers in his ear.

Anchor: Uh, it seems we have a surprise witness who was there, and claims to know the truth.

GIR appears with his face blurred out.

Dib (OS): But he works for the alien!

Anchor: Restrain him!

We hear punching noises and Dib screams. GIR waves.

Anchor: Now, what can you tell us about Dib?

GIR: Dib's all mean to my master. He's not nice to Zim! I've seen it. Dib is bad. Hee, hee!

Anchor: And about the night in question?

Cut to the re-enactment once more.

GIR: I was a chubby lady hiding in the bushes.

A woman in a dress crouches behind one of the bush props, her face also blurred out.

Anchor: Uh huh. And what about Dib?

GIR: I'm on TV!

Anchor: Yes. Then what happened?

GIR: That's when a giant squirrel showed up.

Another actor in a squirrel costume appears from behind the tree. The GIR actor shines the "glow" flashlight on him.

Zim: GIR!

Anchor: Let her talk! Can't you see she's upset? Now, don't you mean Dib showed up?

GIR: No, the squirrel showed up first, then Dib showed up.

Dib and Gaz appear. Dib notices the squirrel and shrieks in fear, dropping the camera.

Dib: Oh, man! What is that thing!?

GIR: And then, the squirrel ate Dib's greasy head.

The squirrel attacks Dib. The actor playing Zim lifts his mask, looking concerned. Dib screams in mortal agony. Happy music starts playing as ropes come down and lift the squirrel off the ground and carry it off the set.

GIR: And then the squirrel flew away.

The squirrel moves across an outer space backdrop.

GIR: After that, he went back to his home planet to fight all the bad guys.

The squirrel is dropped onto two actors in bird and turtle outfits in a sand box. Cut back to the studio with GIR and the anchor.

Anchor: What does that have to do with anything?

GIR: Me and the squirrel are friends.

Fade out. Back on the re-enactment set, Zim, Gaz and GIR watch as the squirrel and the woman from before, face still blurred out, dance as the music from before plays. GIR shines the flashlight on them, Dib is being raised on a stretcher in the background. Back in the studio, Dib, Gaz, Zim and GIR sit silently. Dib has been put in a straightjacket; Zim looks around awkwardly. A cough is heard.

Anchor: I'm so fired. Well, the only conclusion I can come to is that Dib is crazy.

Cut to GIR, face still blurred out.

Anchor: This one here: definitely crazy. I feel bad for the ugly green kid, but there's a decent chance he's crazy, too.

Zim: But, not an alien.

Anchor: No.

Zim: Okay.

Anchor: Just crazy.

Zim gets down, raises his arms happily and walks out with GIR.

Anchor: Nothing matters anymore. Maybe I'm crazy.

He gets up and shakes his head around frantically. Gaz leaves. The anchor runs up to the camera and makes crazy noises. Zoom out of the screen and see the anchor and producer watching the video from the studio, same as in the beginning of the episode. He drops his head in his hands

Anchor: We're so cancelled.

Producer: I think this is the best work you've done. Crazy get's good ratings! Give me more like it!

She punches his shoulder and winks, then walks out. Zoom into the anchor's face, he sits up again. Visions of himself shaking his head around, and images and sounds of Dib, flash on the screen before we cut back to the him sitting in the studio, frozen and terrified.


Dib and Gaz eat breakfast at a table in the kitchen while watching a flat television on the wall. It shows a crowd of people gathered around a stadium where a podium is set up.

Announcer: The whole ignorant world watches as Professor Membrane prepares to make the greatest announcement he's made since last week.

Dib: Man, Dad's finally done with whatever he's been working on for the past few months. Maybe we'll finally get to see him in person!

A prerecorded hover screen displaying Prof. Membrane floats into the kitchen. The words 'recorded earlier' are written on the view screen.


Prof. Membrane: Now, now, son: Brush your teeth and don't steal! Daughter, feed the puppy!


Gaz: Oh yeah. We used to have a puppy, didn't we?


Gaz and Dib look in various directions. The buzzing of flies is heard. Cut to the Skool. The sound of a car crashing is heard. The entire Skool gathers in the multi-purpose room where a large view screen displaying the same thing as in Dib's kitchen is set up on the stage. Zim stands in the crowd.


Announcer: And now...


The view screen shows an image of Prof. Membrane shaking hands with President Man.


Announcer: ...the man without whom this world falls into chaos...


The image changes to one of Prof. Membrane with his hands around a small globe.


Announcer: ...and the inventor of super toast!


The image changes to one of Prof. Membrane holding up a slice of super toast.


Announcer: Professor Membrane!


The view screen cuts back to the podium. Three scientists stand to the side behind it. Prof. Membrane steps up to the podium and the crowd on television claps. Dib stands next to Torque Smackey, who holds a slice of super toast.


Dib: That's my dad!


Torque: Pshhh... So?


Torque takes a bite of the toast and swells up, with his veins popping out.


Prof. Membrane: Thank you, mankind! As we all know, every source of energy requires fuel!


Torque: Pshhh... I didn't know that.


Prof. Membrane: So, I got to thinking... Why has nobody invented a power source that needs no fuel?


Prof. Membrane faces the scientists.


Prof. Membrane: WHY!?!


Prof. Membrane holds his arms out and the scientists jump. Prof. Membrane clenches his fists then regains his composure and faces the audience again.


Prof. Membrane: So I made the Perpetual Energy Generator or, as I call her, PEG.


The camera zooms out revealing the massive PEG behind Prof. Membrane. It is encased in a clear dome.


Prof. Membrane: Tonight, I activate it! If it works, we never have to worry about power again!


The children clap.


Prof. Membrane: If it doesn't, it will send out a wave of doom that will destroy all life on Earth!


Zim pushes through the crowd of kids. Torque has returned back to normal. Dib looks over as Zim writes on an Irken note pad.


Zim (thinking): Wave of doom...


Prof. Membrane: Any questions?


Cybernator: Yeah... What was that last thing you said?


Prof. Membrane: Oh, there's only a minimal chance of anything going wrong with the generator. Especially with the stepped up security we've installed around the premises.


Zim chuckles evilly. A mechanical arm from his Irken Utility Pack grabs his Irken Note Pad and retracts back into the pack with it. Zim's chuckles turn to laughs. He laughs so hard that his eyes start to water. Students start to look at Zim. Zim stops laughing and notices everyone is looking at him.


Zim: Ahem.


Zim grabs Smerve by his shirt collar and pulls him near him.


Zim: I love Earth!


A hover screen displaying a scientist bursts through the Skool window and flies over the crowd.


Dib: Look, Gaz! Zim's definitely up-


The hover screen hovers behind Dib.


Scientist: Excuse me, kids? I'm with the Membrane organization. The professor has asked that his room mates attend tonight's unveiling of the PEG generator.


Dib: You mean, us?


Scientist: You live with the professor, right? Be ready at seven!


Zim: Hmm? Hmmm?


The hover screen flies towards the place where it burst through the window. It hovers bellow the hole and blasts a new hole in the wall with a laser. It flies through that hole and hovers into the back of a van parked outside. The back closes behind it and the van drives away.


Dib: Wow! We're gonna be on TV with dad!


Torque: My dad can fit a potato in his mouth!


Zim scampers out of the multi-purpose room. Cut to Dib's house. Dib and Gaz walk up to the front door and open the door. Dib runs upstairs to his room. He opens his door and goes inside, shutting the door behind him. He places his hand on a hand-print identification device on the wall. It scans his hand. Steam releases from the air tight closet doors and they open up. Dib runs over and reaches into a box when suddenly a hears a moan come from his bed. He turns around and sees someone is underneath his sheets. The person moans again. Dib walks up to the sheets.


Dib: Hello?


He grabs the sheets and pulls them back. Lying on his bed is a bruised-up Dib look-alike. His clothes are slightly tattered and he is missing some teeth. He is lying on his side and he groans as he rolls over onto his back.


Dib: Wha?


The Dib look-alike leans upwards.


Dib: You look like me!


Future Dib: I am you! Listen to me! I know how-


Dib jumps back.


Dib: What's going on!?! How is this possible?


Future Dib shakes his fist.


Future Dib: Zim! He... He broke into Dad's compound! He got to the generator!


Dib: This doesn't make any sense!


Future Dib: Listen! Zim sabotaged the generator!


Start flashback. Zim stands on top of PEG laughing evilly. Sparks are coming from the top of PEG as Zim uses a wrench to untighten a bolt.


Future Dib (voice over): I tried to stop him-


Future Dib (not bruised up or tattered) runs up to Zim. Zim places his hand on Future Dib's face.


Future Dib (voice over): But his incredible power was too much for me!


Zim shoves Future Dib away and goes back to laughing evilly.


Future Dib (voice over): And he undid the security system!


Zim unscrews the bolt from a small compartment that says 'Keep Away!' Future Dib grips on for dear life.


Future Dib (voice over): The PEG sent out a horrible wave of energy-


Zim completely unscrews the bolt and it falls to the ground.


Future Dib (voice over): -just like Membrane said it would!


Zim drops the wrench and a beam of energy shoots out of PEG into the sky. Zim presses a button on his wrist and disappears.


Future Dib (voice over): But the energy opened up a special time rip and I found myself in some kind of crazy spinning time thingy!


Dib holds the wrench and bolt. Suddenly he find himself spinning in a special time rip.


Future Dib (voice over): Woo! It sure was crazy!


The flash back ends.


Future Dib: The rip dropped me here, in the past, giving me a second chance! But, I'm so weak from the fight... It's up to you!


Dib: Wow, I'm boring! Do I always explain everything like this?


Future Dib reaches into his pocket.


Future Dib: Here, take this watch.


Future Dib pulls out a watch with a small view screen on it.


Future Dib: We can use it to communicate remotely!


Future Dib hands the watch to Dib.


Dib: Once I defeat Zim you can stay here with me! We'll be an unstoppable team!


Future Dib: Yes, yes, it will be magical! But you must go! Zim's at the warehouse by Dad's compound! There's a broken window above a stack of crates!


Cut to the warehouse. The sound of trash cans tipping over is heard. A trash can lid rolls into view and a cat runs by, yowling. Dib runs into view wearing a backpack. He looks around then runs into am alleyway. He finds the broken window above crates which are stacked into a perfect staircase. Dib hugs up against the wall then runs up the crate staircase. A recording of Zim laughing evilly can be heard. Dib looks into a broken window. A huge drill is set up in the center of the warehouse. Dib looks at his watch which displays Future Dib.


Future Dib: He's gonna drill into Dad's compound from bellow! All you have to do is sabotage that drill!


Dib runs into the warehouse. More recorded laughter is heard. Dib runs through the warehouse, hiding behind some boxes as he goes. He makes it to the center of the room and looks up at the drill. He walks over to a box with a button on it directly under the drill. Dib presses that button. Beeping is heard. Dib looks at his watch and sees Future Dib laughing at him. Dib gasps. Zim's lawn gnomes pop out of four boxes surrounding Dib, one on each side. The transform into insectoid robots. Dib makes a run for it but before he gets anywhere, one of the bug gnomes grabs Dib by the back of his trench coat and lifts him up. An opening in a cage opens up and Dib is shoved inside. He groans as his head barely fits through. He groans again as he falls onto the floor. The cage is hanging from the wall of the warehouse. A hover screen displaying Zim flies out from behind some boxes. It hovers in front of the cage.


Zim: Gullible stink creature! I knew I could trick you with my Dib robot spy!


Dib: Ah! You're gonna use it to walk right past the security at the generator, aren't you?


Zim chugs down a soda with the one-eyed Irken logo on it.


Zim: Ahh. What? Oh.


Zim tosses the empty soda can away.


Zim: Oh yes! Yes I am!


Zim laughs.


Dib: But if you use the robot to blow up the generator, you'll be destroyed too!


Zim: Your explanations bore me! Also, I'm safely controlling robot Dib from Earth's orbit. When PEG explodes, I'll be thousands of miles away! Goodbye, Dib!


The view screen on the hover screen goes into static.


Gaz's voice: Come on, Dib! It's time to go!


Dib looks at his watch and sees Gaz standing in his doorway.


Robot Dib: Okay, Gaz.


Future Dib bends to look at Dib through the watch. He makes a robotic whirring noise whenever he makes large movements.


Robot Dib: I'll be riiight there.


Gaz: Do not do anything weird tonight, Dib! If you do, you will suffer horribly!


Dib (shouting into the watch): No, Gaz! That's not me! It's a-


Robot Dib covers his watch and smiles nervously.


Robot Dib: I would never-


Gaz: Horrible... suffering!


Cut to Zim in the control room of his space station, looking at Gaz on a view screen that displays what the robot Dib sees. Zim puts a hand on his chin. As he is speaking his next line, he clasps his hands together and smiles warmly.


Zim: Of course, my scary sister. I obey!


Cut back to Dib's room. During this next line, the robot places its hand over his heart, as if promising something.


Robot Dib: Of course, my scary sister! I obey!


Gaz walks away, leaving a spooky smoke trail. Cut to the cage Dib is in. Dib watches his watch. Robot Dib places a hand over the view screen. The watch view screen goes into static.


Dib: No! I have to do something!


Dib reaches into his backpack and pulls out his laptop. He sets it on the floor and opens it. He then pulls out a pair of headphones and puts them on. Dib starts typing very fast. An image of a probe appears along with the words 'probe enabled.'


Dib: Man, am I doing something!


Laptop: Hacking probe enabled.


A tiny mechanical arm extends from the back of the laptop. It launches out a small probe that soars through the air and latches onto Zim's hover screen (which now displays the one-eyed Irken symbol).


Dib: I only hope the Irkens just happen to use the same operating system as me!


A fanfare plays on the laptop and the one-eyed Irken symbol appears.


Dib: Yes!


Cut to PEG. Robot Dib and Gaz stand in front of the huge steal doors into PEG along with one of the Prof. Membrane studio guards.


Guard: Aren't you excited, little boy?


Robot Dib: Of course! But not so much as to provoke my terrifying sibling!


Robot Dib puts an arm around Gaz. Gaz clenches her fist. She slams Robot Dib into the wall, holding him by his shirt.


Gaz: What are you doing? You've been acting weird all day! Even weirder than usual!


Cut to Zim up in the space station.


Zim: I don't know what you're talking about!


Robot Dib: I don't know what you're talking- Look!


Robot Dib points up.


Robot Dib: Aliens!


Robot Dib points another direction.


Robot Dib: And over there! Big feet!


Robot Dib runs into the crowd. Gaz groans.


Gaz: That's more like it, I guess.


Prof. Membrane walks up to Gaz.


Prof. Membrane: I'm glad you two have arrived.


Prof. Membrane lifts Gaz off the ground and pats her head.


Prof. Membrane: The ceremony- WAIT! Where's your brother?


Gaz: He went running after Big foot.


Prof. Membrane: I need you to find him, Gaz! And...


Prof. Membrane sets Gaz down with a squeak.


Prof. Membrane (whispering): Make sure he doesn't do anything embarrassing.


Prof. Membrane walks away. Robot Dib marches up to the door to the generator core. A guard wearing a special helmet looks at Dib. Through the helmet, the words 'verifying identity' appear. Then the words 'verified' 'DIB' and 'entry permitted' appear. The door opens and Robot Dib walks inside. Cut back to the cage. Dib sweats as he types. The laptop shows a first person view of Robot Dib walking into the generator core.


Dib: Gah! He made it past security!


Robot Dib walks through a hallway until he reaches a doorway marked PEG. Dib sees this through his laptop as well. The hover screen in the warehouse switches back from the Irken symbol to Zim.


Dib: Now all I have to do is get control of this thing!


Zim: Not likely, Dib! My lockout programs will prevent you from-


Dib: I'm already breaking through the vocal circuits, Zim! Soon I'll control the whole robot!


Cut to the space station.


Zim: Why aren't the lockout program working!?!


Zim sits on a hovering chair.


Zim: GIR! GIR! Unleash the monkey!


GIR walks over and reaches for a communicator. GIR shouts into it.


GIR: Monkey!!!


GIR lets go of it and walks away. Cut to the warehouse. A steel container shoots along attached to a cable on the ceiling. It crashes into the side of the cage, knocking Dib over. The cage opening opens. The monkey's eyes can be seen in the darkness. The monkey puts its hands around the opening, then pops out, howling. It leaps to the ground. Dib's laptop displays the words 'Access vocal circuit Y/N?'


Laptop: Access vocal circuit?


Dib stands up. The monkey howls. Dib runs towards the laptop, but so does the monkey. Dib tries to press the Y key, but the monkey slaps his hand. Dib rubs his hand. The monkey howls. Dib sticks his hand out again and the monkey slaps it. This happens repeatedly. GIR watches on a monitor on the space station, eating popcorn from a bag full of it with a slice of butter on top. Cut to the generator room of PEG. Robot Dib stands at the edge of the core. He walks over to PEG with a screw driver. He starts screw driving into a panel that says 'danger' on it. Gaz stands at the edge of the generator room.


Gaz: What are you doing?


Announcer: Now, here he is! Professor Membrane!


Cut to the surface. Prof. Membrane stands on the stage. Two empty chairs are behind him.


Prof. Membrane: Before we get started, I'd like to introduce you all to my kids, who-


Prof. Membrane turns around and sees the empty chairs. Crickets chirp.


Prof. Membrane: Oh. Well, we'll start PEG's warm-up procedure while we wait for them!


One of the scientists in a control booth presses a button. Down in the generator room, PEG starts rotating.


Robot Dib: I don't feel very well! I think I'll just watch everything from down here!


Gaz: Fine, Dib! I guess there's less chance you'll do anything crazy if you're not up there with us!


Cut back to to the cage.


Laptop: Override vocal circuit?


Dib points behind him. The monkey looks over there. While the monkey is distracted, Dib presses the Y key. The words 'mouth control now operational' appear on the laptop screen. Gaz can be seen walking away on the first person view of the Robot Dib seen on screen. The monkey growls.


Dib: No! Gaz! Come back! It's a trap!


Those words come out of the Robot Dib's mouth. Cut to the space station. Zim screams. He pulls the arm controls over his mouth. In turn, the Robot Dib places its hands over its mouth. Gaz turns around. The Robot Dib starts screaming and wigging out. It pulls its cheeks back, then waves one arm while lifting one leg, punches itself in the head, and waves one arm while lifting one leg again. The cage in the warehouse shakes as the monkey attacks Dib. It is on his head punching him as he screams.


Dib: The monkey!


The monkey pins Dib onto the ceiling and kicks him. Cut back to PEG's reactor. Robot Dib still screams. Robot Dib holds its mouth shut.


Gaz: Okay. I warned you.


Gaz approaches Robot Dib. Zim sees Gaz approaching on the space station monitors and screams. Robot Dib gasps as he leaps and grabs onto one of the wires hanging off of one of PEG's rotating tube arms. Robot Dib screams.


Gaz: You're just asking for it, Dib!


Cut back to the cage. The monkey tugs on Dib's hair as it pins him to the ground. Cut back to PEG's reactor. Robot Dib leaps from tube arm to tube arm. Cut back to the cage. The monkey pulls on Dib's cheek while hitting him over the head. Robot Dib climbs up onto higher and higher tube arms, screaming all the way.


Dib (through Robot Dib): It's in my brain!


Robot Dib screams some more. Robot Dib leaps onto more tube arms. Up above, Prof. Membrane taps his foot. He turns around to look at the chairs. They are still empty, and crickets chirp again.


DA' CONE: Hey, where's my free power, huh? Eh, deh, does that thing even work? Huh? Huh?


DA' CONE throws his ice cream cone which splats into the podium near Prof. Membrane.


DA' CONE: Aww, daw, booo!!!


Robot Dib runs along another tube arm. Robot Dib makes a huge leap and grunts as he grabs onto an opening in the wall. After he pulls himself up, he sees Gaz standing there, growling.


Dib (speaking through Robot Dib): Eh, help me Gaz!


Dib starts screaming again. Gaz grabs Robot Dib by the head and pulls him up, slamming him into the wall and then slamming him into the opposite wall. Cut to the cage. Dib pins the monkey against the wall with his foot.


Dib: Good work Gaz! What you've been fighting is actually a robot controlled by Zim!


Cut back to PEG's reactor. Gaz has her arm around Robot Dib's neck, strangling it. Its eye is bulging from the socket.


Dib (speaking through Robot Dib): Now you've gotta rescue me! I'm at the warehouse! It's twenty-


Robot Dib's eye pops out. Cut to Zim's space station. The monitor goes into static. Zim screams. Robot Dib's eyeball flies into the air and shoots up a shaft onto the stage above, landing in the ice cream by Prof. Membrane.


Prof. Membrane: Very funny! Okay, if you people don't wanna take perpetual energy seriously, then fine! No power for you!


Prof. Membrane folds his arms. The scientist in the control booth presses a button. Down in the reactor, PEG's rotating tube arms stop rotating. The stage retracts and PEG lowers into the ground. A metal covering closes over the opening.


Audience: Awww!


The audience members lower their heads. Cut to the space station. Zim's tongue hands out of his mouth.


GIR: Awww, your little robot boy's broken!


GIR puts an arm on Zim's shoulder. Zim growls.


Zim: NOOOOOOOoooo, eh, let's go look at the monkey.


Zim and GIR walk off. Cut to PEG's reactor. Gaz looks at the broken one-eyed Robot Dib.


Gaz: A robot!


Cut to Dib's house. Gaz sits on the couch playing her GS2 when the Robot Dib walks up to her dressed as a maid with a metal plate over its mouth and holding a tray with a glass of water on it. Gaz stops playing for a second to grab the water and sip it.


Gaz: Ah...


She dumps the rest of the water on Robot Dib and electricity starts spewing from it. The hover screen displaying Prof. Membrane hovers into the room.


Prof. Membrane: It's good to see you two getting along!


Cut to the cage. The monkey howls as it hits Dib in the head over and over. Dib now has a beard and gray hair, the monkey also has a beard. Zim and GIR sit on a couch on the space station laughing. GIR has his popcorn.


(A purple screen with various blueprints is shown, changing after every name that Almighty Tallest Purple says.)

Almighty Tallest Purple: Plasma-Armed Battle Tanks, Maimbots, Death Wave Cannons, ...a sack of taquitos?

(Shows the Tallest, then Zim on the screen)

Zim: Just a few supplies I'll need to complete my mission.

GIR: (pops in from the side of the screen) Did you get my taquitos yet?

(Zim pushes GIR aside. The camera switches back to the Tallest.)

Almighty Tallest Red: Your exile- er, mission... is to observe the planet, Zim, not annihilate it.

(Almighty Tallest Red sips a glass of water. Almighty Tallest Purple nods. The camera cuts back to the screen)

Zim: Yes, but, I'm quite GOOD at annihilating!

GIR: TAQUITOOOS!!! An' a CLOWN wit' NO HEAD!

Almighty Tallest Purple: Look, we'd love to grant your request, but we think you're insane- (winces, corrects himself) ... untrained.

Zim: (Outraged) UNTRAINED?! INVADER ZIM?!

Almighty Tallest Red: You're trained as an Invader, Zim. Battle tanks are for hardened soldiers.

(Zim growls petulantly and crosses his arms with a pouty face)

Almighty Tallest Purple: Hey, how 'bout we send Zim to Hobo 13? It's the, uhh.. (consults datapad) ... finest military training planet ever! (Turns to Zim) Zim, on Hobo 13 you'll be torn limb from limb!

(Zim looks confused)

Almighty Tallest Red (correcting Purple): Evaluated! Evaluated as a soldier! If you pass, we'll send a big BAG of battle-tanks!!

Almighty Tallest Purple: ...But, not that... clown thing.

GIR (screaming his head off): HEADLESS CLOWN! HEADLESS CLOOWWWNN!!!

(Zim throws GIR back, who lands on his back a few feet behind Zim, then gets back up and runs offscreen.)

Zim: Very well, My Tallest; to attain my tanks, I will allow the evaluation of my incredible brain meats. Zim out!

(Zim salutes, then GIR pops his head in front of Zim's)

GIR: How 'bout clown taquitos?

(The screen fades to static, and the Tallest look at each other and grin evilly. Scene fades out.)

(The scene fades back and Zim is in his spaceship traveling to another planet.)

Zim: Hey! Hey GIR! GIR! Check it out!

(Zim puts his ship on full speed and he goes flying extremely fast.)

Zim: (Singing the first part of the Invader Zim Theme Song) Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doodily-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-DOOOO!

(Zim flies into Hobo 13. The scene goes to inside the planet.)

Zim: With my mighty fists of horror and unstoppable cruelty, I am the tool of destruction, vengeance, and fury!

(He closes his eyes and puts his hands on his hips.)

Hobo 678: I only asked for your name! (Points to someone else) Next!

Throbulator: I am Throbulator! I am a creature of pure headache!

(Throbulator's left eye flies around as he gets a headache.)

Throbulator: YOWWWW! MY HEAD!

(He tilts his head and holds his head.)

Hobo 678: Your name! That's all I want! Gah!

Skoodge: Invader Skoodge!

(Hobo 678 turns to face Skoodge furiously. Skoodge salutes.)

Skoodge: Sir!

Zim: Skoodge? (Turns and points at Skoodge) I thought the Almighty Tallest killed you!

Skoodge: Yeah... but I'm okay now.

(Flies buzzing is heard.)

Skoodge: They say they'll promote me if I pass the evaluation.

Zim: Ha! Foolish, gullible Skoodge!

Hobo 678: Your first task, you scum-puddling squag doogies... is to choose a leader! Anyone who disobeys the LEADER...WILL BE ELIMINATED! Think carefully! This is the most important--

Zim: I CHOOSE ME!

(Hobo 678 turns to look at Zim, who is pointing in the air.)

Zim: ZIM SHALL LEAD! Object and taste my revolting vengeance of power!

(The aliens glance at Zim.)

Hobo 678: Just remember, with leadership comes great responsibility! You take care of your team, and you survive! WITH HONOR!

Zim: Yes, yes! Get on with it! (Puts his hands on his hips) My battle tanks await!

Hobo 678: Prepare yourselves, slime-licking smort crabs, to face a series of trials. The finish line is the dreaded Fortress of... (stands up straight and clenches his fingers) PAIN!!! Any mistakes, and you will be beamed away to a losers' holding pen.

(A beam of light shoots down from the sky at the alien eating a sandwich. He screams at the light takes him away, leaving the sandwich behind.)

Hobo 678: The holding pen, OF PAIN! (points at the sandwich)

Throbulator: The holding pen is painful?

Hobo 678: Yes!

Throbulator: Does it have to be?

Hobo 678: (Scratching his chin) Not really. (Points forward) Now, MOVE IT OUT!

(Zim hums as the aliens march forward)

Hobo 678: Hey! No Singing! Get in step! Shape up!

(Hobo 678's orders become inaudible as the scene changes to show the Almighty Tallest and some other tall Irkens gathered around a TV in a bar-like setting)

Almighty Tallest Red: (From the front of the room) As you can see, brave Invader Zim has begun his journey to the Fortress of Pain!

Almighty Tallest Purple: Anyone wanna bet he gets blown up?

Sneakyonfoota: A thousand monies something eats him-mah!

Almighty Tallest Purple: (Writes down bet on a notepad) Ok, anyone for chopped in half?

Tim: Ooh, me! I bet two thousand monies!

Almighty Tallest Red: (Whispering to Purple who is still writing) You realize that if no one bets for Zim we could be out a lotta' monies.

(Purple looks up from his notepad in sudden realization. The scene zooms out to show the whole room.)

Almighty Tallest Purple: Any bets for Zim succeeding?

(Table-Headed Service Drone Bob walks by, serving drinks)

Almighty Tallest Purple: Come on!

(Red notices Bob and points to him)

Almighty Tallest Red: You! Table-Headed Service Drone Bob! You will bet five-hundred thousand monies on Zim!

Table-Headed Service Drone Bob: But...I only make five monies every two years. (Has a sad expression)

(There is a short pause. The scene changes to show all the other irkens looking at him.)

Almighty Tallest Purple: Five-hundred thousand for Zim!

(The other Irkens cheer as Bob begins to cry. The scene quickly changes back to Hobo 13, scrolling upward from a pit full of lava.)

Hobo 678: (Yelling) First you must use your wits to cross the molten pit of hideous screaming pain!

(The scene scrolls through all the aliens. Each one is wearing a power suit, seen on their arms and hands. Offscreen, the power suit is also found on their legs and feet as well. Zim has a smug expression)

Hobo 678: Your power suit will provide some protection, but NOTHING will defend you from a stupid mistake!

(Hobo 678 effortlessly jumps across the pit)

Zim: Child's play! We shall stand on each other's shoulders! (points across the pit) And fall forward forming a bridge...to safety!

Alien Teammate 1: Why don't we just cut down that tree and walk across? It's safer and...y'know.

(The other aliens converse over his idea. Zim angrily looks around at his other teammates and stands up to the alien teammate.)

Zim: Are we going to have trouble, soldier?

(The scene cuts to show all of Zim's teammates standing on each other's shoulder's, wobbling back and forth due to little stability. Alien Teammate 1 is on the bottom, and Throbulator is on the top, holding his head. They stand at the edge of the pit, until Zim pokes Alien Teammate 1 in the stomach. As they fall over, Throbulator grabs hold of two rocks on the other side, and Alien Teammate 1 holds onto the starting side with his feet, successfully forming a bridge over the lava. Zim happily begins to cross the living bridge, and Alien Teammate 1 struggles to hold on to his end.)

Alien Teammate 1: Can't...hold...on!

(The land under Teammate 1's feet begins to crumble. Luckily for Zim, he makes it over to the other side, stepping on Throbulator's head in the process)

Throbulator: (His eyes pop out a little as he is stepped on) RRRR MY HEAD!

(When Zim reaches land, he turns around to watch the living bridge. The land under Alien Teammate 1's feet gives way, and everyone begins to swing down. As the bridge crashes against the wall of the other side, the three aliens on the end, including Teammate 1, fall away from the bridge, dropping into the pit.)

Alien Teammate 1: YOU'RE A HORRIBLE LEADER! (fades away)

(A beam of light zaps the three aliens away to the loser's holding pen right before they hit the lava)

Zim: VICTORY! (Voice echoes in the distance)

(Hobo 678 cringes and grumbles. The scene quickly cuts back to the Almighty Tallest. A happy Zim is showing on the monitor.)

Almighty Tallest Purple: Um...

Almighty Tallest Red: That shouldn't of happened.

(The Tallest look back to see Bob. There is a flag with "GO ZIM!" on it attached to his back, and he pushes buttons on a calculator, giggling and figuring out how much money he will receive overall if Zim passes the trials.)

(The scene cuts back to Hobo 13. This time, a large canyon is shown.)

Hobo 678: (Yelling) This is the stinking canyon of the ferocious meat-thirsty Hogulus-

Zim: (Cutting him off) -of pain?

(Hobo 678 leans in closer to Zim, who has an evil grin on his face)

Hobo 678: Arrrrgh! ARRRRGH!

(Hobo 678 stands up straight again. He throws a slab of meat into the canyon in front of a nearby cave. A low growl from within the cave is heard)

Hobo 678: It's simple! Navigate from this end to the far end...alive! (Points to the far end.) Good luck. (Pilots away to the end using the rockets on the feet of his power suit.)

Zim: I...have a plan! But I will need a volunteer to distract the hog beast.

Skoodge: Yes sir! I am your loyal-

(Zim nonchalantly kicks Skoodge off of the cliff. Skoodge screams as he falls. He hits his head several times as he plunges to the bottom. When he looks up, he stares right into the eyes of the Hogulus, which roars in his face. Skoodge runs away screaming as the beast chases him. The scene cuts back to Zim and his alien teammates, all looking on in horror.)

Zim: Let's go! (Climbs down into the canyon)

(The scene fades to Zim leading his teammates straight through the canyon. Skoodge is still screaming and running away from the Hogulus. As Zim climbs up the other side, Hobo 678 finally touches down from his rocket-powered ride. Zim walks up to him.)

Zim: Another job well done! (He salutes)

Hobo 678: (Gets into Zim's face) What about your soldier, Skoodge?

(Zim's teammates begin finishing their climb up the side)

Zim: It's what Skoodge would have wanted- Eh? Uh...I mean OH NO! SKOODGE IS IN TROUBLE!

(Zim turns around and attempts to lift up the large rock behind him, making loud exaggerated grunts as he attempts to do so, and fails.)

Zim: Hmm...

(Zim takes a step back and begins pushing some buttons on the arm of his power suit. Skoodge can be heard screaming in the background.)

Skoodge: Nobody's helping me!

Hobo 678: (Looking at Zim) What do you think you're doing?

Zim: I'm programming my suit to steal energy from the rest of the team. Here I go!

(Green sparks come out of the arm of Zim's power suit and aim at another teammate. He collapses to the ground, his arms and legs out of his own control.)

Alien Teammate 2: ARMS...AND...LEGS...USELESS!

(The power bar on Zim's power suit begins to gain more bars)

Zim: With enough power I can lift the boulder and throw it at the monster. NO ONE WILL SAY ZIM NEVER TRIED!

(A sound effect plays as Zim holds his arms triumphantly in the air for a few seconds. The scene cuts back to Zim's power meter, moving up ever so slowly. Everyone looks back at the canyon. A cloud of dust appears as Skoodge continues screaming.)

Zim: (Disappointed) Ehhh...takes a little while doesn't it? (Closes the power meter on his power suit.) Ok I tried. THE FORTRESS OF PAIN AWAITS! (Zim hums loudly and marches off.)

(Hobo 678 watches Zim walk off and facepalms. The scene cuts back to this image being shown on the Almighty Tallest's monitor. The Tallest turn around as Bob speaks.)

Table-Headed Service Drone Bob: (Excitedly) If Zim finishes, I get six million monies! Oooh... (Tears appear on his face)

Almighty Tallest Purple: Oh Bobby, it appears I need a refill. (Giving the glass to Bob) Thanks.

(Red finishes his drink to give to Bob as well)

Table-Headed Service Drone Bob: (Lashing out) AARGH! GET IT YOURSELF!

(The Tallest appear quite shocked at him.)

(The scene cuts back to Hobo 13. Zim and his teammates are running through a maze with lazers shooting at them. Zim reaches the end and jumps right through the ending lights, with most of his team right behind. As everyone looks back, the final teammate, a crystal-like girl, jumps for the ending lights, but falls short. A tractor beam shines on her and zaps her to the loser's holding pen.)

Crystal Girl: Curse you Zim! (Is sucked away) WAAAUGH!

Zim: I AM INVINCIBLE!

(Everyone turns to look at Zim.)

Zim: All I had to do was reprogram the lazer turrets to lock in on uh...what's-her-name...that one person, um...but, she was a fine soldier and better luck to her in the future!

(Hobo 678 and Zim's teammates all glare at him as the scene fades out)

(A montage of trials begin to show set to a remix of Hobo's Theme. First, Zim and his teammates walk across a narrow bridge. Right below the bridge is a pond of toxic green slime. Zim, about to fall, accidentally pushes a teammate into the pond to steady himself. The blue light zaps the teammate to the holding pen before he can fall in. Zim continues to cross. The scene cuts again to another maze. Zim and his teammates traverse the maze, running from a large mechanical dragon. Everyone reaches the end except for Zim and a small, baby-like alien. Just as the baby is about to cross the finish line, Zim scoops him up and hurls him at the dragon. The baby squeaks as he is eaten and taken to the sky, most likely to the holding pen. Zim's teammates watch this, and turn around to see Zim dusting off his hands. The scene cuts to this image being viewed on the Tallest's monitor. The Tallest are in shock while Bob waves his "GO ZIM!" flag with tears in his eyes. The scene cuts back to Hobo 13, in a swamp full of strange plant-like monsters with sharp teeth. Zim and Throbulator hide behind a boulder as Zim throws a small rock in front of his other three teammates as they try to quietly cross. The noise causes the creatures to attack the three, chewing at their faces. Zim and Throbulator run on by to where Hobo 678 is waiting. He growls angrily.)

(As the montage ends, the scene fades to the Fortress of Pain.)

Zim: BEHOLD THE FORTRESS OF PAIN! (Points at Throbulator) What was your name again?

Throbulator: THROBULATOR! (His right eye pops out a bit.)

Zim: Yes! Soldier, I have a very special mission for you.

(The scene cuts to the inside view of the door to the Fortress of Pain. Slams can be heard from the outside, as well as Throbulator grunting. On the third slam, a sticky mucus shoots through the door, and it opens, revealing Zim holding Throbulator, who had used his head to open the door. A section of Throbulator's head droops down.)

Throbulator: (Holding the drooping portion of his head) Throbulator...feel nothing anymore.

(The blue light zaps him to the holding pen.)

Zim: GOOD WORK TEAM! Team? (He looks around, seeing no one of course.)

(Vultures caw.)

Zim: Oh well.

(Zim walk forward into the fortress. Ahead of him is a circular room with spikes on the walls.)

Zim: Well, I made it to the fortress. VICTORY IS MINE!-

Hobo 678: Oh no, Zim. No victory for you.

(Zim appears confused at his voice. Hobo 678 descends from the ceiling.)

Hobo 678: Because of your incompetence your entire squad was eliminated! You are a disgrace to Hobo 13!

Zim: But...I survived every trial! I am the ultimate soldier! I must get my equipment or I won't get it!

(Zim steps forward into the spotlight as Hobo 678 continues descending.)

Hobo 678: Then defeat ME, Zim! Let this be your final challenge. (He lands on the ground.) I'm really looking forward to twisting you into a twisted, horrible knot...made from you! (He cracks his knuckles.)

(Poles come up from the ground, each with a small sphere on the tip. A beam of blue light goes through each sphere, surrounding Hobo 678 and Zim.)

Zim: Hey, that's neat!

Hobo 678: This circle is surrounded by a transportation field. First person to be pushed through that field gets transported to-

Zim: The Holding Pen of Pain?

Hobo 678: No. It's FULL! Now the loser gets sent to...THE OUTHOUSE OF MADNESS!

Zim: EHH?

(Zim's antennae perk up as a flushing toilet sounds. Hobo 678 launches himself at Zim, and Zim copies. Hobo 678 punches Zim, making him fall backwards. His foot barely brushes the transportation field. As Zim gets up from his falls, Hobo 678 charges at Zim, but Zim jumps away just in time. From the other side, Hobo 678 launches his arm attached to a chain at Zim, sending him sky high once again. When Zim lands, he opens up the power meter on his suit in attempt to steal power.)

Zim: I have you now!

(Green sparks come out of the power meter, but launch back at Zim. Zim attempts to run from Hobo 678 while trying to get it to work.)

Zim: UH, NO! UH, NO!

(Hobo 678 grabs Zim with his arm on a chain as he tries to run. He holds Zim right up against the transportation field. A part of Zim's head is already nearly transported. It appears to have liquefied within the transportation forces.)

Hobo 678: You are the worst student I've ever had!

Zim: (Cutting him off) Perhaps you have trained me too well!

Hobo 678: (Disappointed) No really, you're the worst.

(Zim looks over at his power meter, which is going up somehow.)

Hobo 678: Your cheating arm trick won't help you now, Zim! No teammate left to steal power from. HA! WEAK!

(A panel on Hobo 678's power suit arm opens, showing his power meter going down from Zim stealing it. When it gets low enough, Zim looks Hobo 678 right in the eye and delivers an extremely powerful punch from his newly gained power. Hobo 678 screams as he is knocked out of the ring. The scene cuts to the front entrance of the fortress. Skoodge runs in.)

Skoodge: (Panting) Zim! I escaped from the canyon! I made it! I'm alive!

(Hobo 678 ends his fall by landing right on top of Skoodge. A dark shadow and drool cover both of them.)

Skoodge: (Unseen from underneath Hobo 678) Where am I? What am I seeing?

(The scene shows the Hogulus, who is directly above them.)

Skoodge: OH MY...OH NO...

(The Hogulus picks up Hobo 678 in his mouth. He screams as the Hogulus shakes him around. Skoodge watches on in horror. Hobo 678 grabs Skoodge and begins hitting the Hogulus with him. The Hogulus runs off, carrying Hobo 678 and Skoodge, who continue screaming.)

Hobo 678: AAH! PUT ME DOWN!

(Zim walks out the fortress and picks up Hobo 678's dog-tag that had been shaken off of him.)

Zim: Um...this completes my evaluation. The Tallest can deny my requests no longer! I AM ZIM! BRING ME THE TANKS! (Voice echoes)

(The scene cuts back to the Tallest and Bob.)

Table-Headed Service Drone Bob: You can serve yourselves from now on! (He tosses the table off of his head.) HAHAHAHAHA!

(The Tallest look annoyingly down at Bob, then look back to the monitor showing a happy Zim as the scene zooms out. The scene then fades away to space to show a large ship flying by.)

Zim: It sure was nice of the Tallest to give me my own ship! And they tell me if I prove myself as a fleet commander they'll give me my own tanks AND my own battle cruiser!

(Zim fiddles with the controls, which are red and appear to be unresponsive.)

Zim: Hey, why are these controls locked anyway?

(The scene points to the back of Zim's seat. Bob is tied there, with tape over his mouth. He muffles cries and points to the window, showing the ship slowly traveling closer to a nearby sun. The scene cuts to show the full view of the sun with the ship traveling into it. The scene fades out.)


The Massive and its escort ships fly through space. Inside the control room of the Massive, a digital scrolling text sign on the wall says 'It's Probing Day,' repeatedly. On the main view screen is an image of Invader Slacks, who wears a pair of large fake nostrils as his disguise. The Tallest drink their drinks.

Purple: Hey! Invader Slacks! It's Probing Day! Whaddya think of that, huh? Huh!?!

Red: (interrupting Purple) You've blended in well with the large nostril people of Boodie Nen, blah, blah, blah...

Red goes back to sipping his drink.

Purple: Now if you'll just show us a little puppet show depicting how you plan to destroy the planet...

Invader Slacks: (Gasps) Puppet show!?!

Red tosses his drink away.

Red: Everyone loves puppets! Except you, it seems. You fail inspection!

Purple: You get a... pummeling! (chuckles)

Two mallets on mechanical arms extend from Slacks' base and pound him over the head repeatedly. He screams 'ow' in pain as they hit him and knocking him down. The Tallest cross arms in a toast, suddenly holding their drinks again.

Red: Happy Probing Day, Invader Slacks!

The Tallest sip their drinks. Slacks rises up, all swollen and saluting.

Invader Slacks: I shall... (a mallet hits him again and he groans) try harder, sirs!

Invader Slacks is hit again. He groans, says 'ow,' and falls over.

Purple: You know, ever since we became the Tallest, I... I dunno. It's neat. And Probing Day just makes it even better!

Purple crushes his drink in his hand. Red looks at a list.

Red: Hey, Zim's next on the list...

Purple gives a bitter look and drops his drink.

Red: ... should we even inspect him? I mean, he's not really an Invader and... we hate him!

The sound of a transmission (from Zim) starting up is heard in the background. The second Zim starts talking, Red gives a surprised look.

Zim (voice only): Greetings, my Tallest!

Purple turns around and screams. Zim is transmitting from the experiment room of his lab.

Purple: Zim! We didn't call for you! You know, you're interrupting a very important-

Zim: Today's Probing Day, yes? Well, I'm ready for my inspection and I think you'll find that I am prepared!

Purple: How about we just pummel you and call it done?

Purple wrings his hands and Red grins and nods.

Zim: But you MUST see this!

The transmitter camera view moves, revealing Dib floating in a containment tube covered in a time stasis field. GIR stands next to him, holding his arms up as if showing a prize on a game show.

Zim: I have prepared a human experiment!

Red looks at the list.

Red: Look, Zim, we have some pummeling to do and eh... oh, hurry up, alright.

GIR climbs on the containment tube and pokes it.

Zim: This bothersome dirt child was captured trying to infiltrate my base! I've suspended him in a variable time stasis field. I made it myself! Does it not amaze you!?!

Dib: You'll never get away with this, Zim! I'm going to...

Zim adjusts a knob on a remote control, slowing down the field.

Dib (slowed down): ...expose you...

Zim turns the knob, speeding up the field.

Dib (sped up): ...for the horrible alien menace that you are (the field returns to normal) and scoop your insides out!

Zim starts laughing evilly. A warning siren is heard, and a green spark come out of the remote. Electricity spews out of the time stasis field.

Zim: Huh!?!

The containment tube bursts in a huge explosion. Nothing is visible in through the smoke. Zim screams and yells as something hits him.

Purple: Well you look real busy exploding, Zim.

Red: (sarcastically) What a shame. Moving on now!

Red motions with his hand and the main view screen goes into static. It cuts to a curtain, which unfolds to reveal a puppet set. An Irken Invader lifts up, with a puppet on each hand. The Invader ducks his head out of the way and makes the puppet talk to each other.

Invader (voicing puppets): Doo! Doo dee doo do doo do doo.

Purple claps and Red eats popcorn.

Purple: Yeah! Yeah! Two words: more puppets! Yeah!

The massive is seen Flying away.

Cut to Zim's wrecked lab. Zim climbs out of the smoking wreckage, grunting. Zim gasps when he sees the broken containment tube. GIR stands near it, dancing.

Zim: The Dib human! He seems to have been vaporized! Victory for Zim! Wait... Look at this place! Gaah! Probing Day is ruined! The Tallest said they would call back in an hour!

GIR stops dancing.

GIR: No they didn't!

Zim: Wait! If I can fix up the base before they call... GIR! Begin clean up and repairs now!

GIR: I don't wanna!

GIR jumps away and jumps back with a shovel.

GIR: Okay!

GIR salutes and goes into duty mode, then runs off. Zim wears his goggles and uses a welding tool on something. GIR shovels rubble and debris into a trash tube. He scoops up some more, this time scooping up Dib who is now green and constantly in slow motion. GIR dumps him along with the rubble into the garbage tube. Dib screams in slow motion as he is sucked through the garbage tube. The garbage tube leads to the tube that connects Zim's house to the neighbor's houses. Dib and the rest of the garbage are dumped into the living room of Zim's next door neighbors. A tumorous lady sits in a chair. Dib slowly floats into her lap.

Tumor lady: Hey! Look at that! It's one of them big head boys!

Cut back to Zim's lab. Zim grunts as he moves some rubble. Once he has moved it out of the way, he notices a small glowing ball that was underneath it. Zim picks it up. His hand starts to smoke and he drops the ball with a scream.

Zim: GIR! Remove... whatever that thing is!

GIR salutes and goes into duty mode briefly. He returns to regular mode and hops over, leaving his shovel behind. GIR picks up the ball. GIR's arm explodes.

GIR: Yaaaay! It burns!

GIR kicks the ball into the garbage tube. It is sucked up, but on the way up it hits the interior of the tube and falls backwards, burning through the tube and landing back into the lab, leaving a mark on the floor.

Zim: Quit playing around, GIR! I thought I told you to get rid of this!

Zim fetches a vacuum tube and sucks the ball up back into the garbage tube. A second later, it burns through the garbage tube and lands on the ground again, except slightly larger now.

Zim: Computer! Analyze this thing!

Computer: Thing is resulting explosion from destruction of time stasis field!

Zim: An explosion? Why is it not exploded then? Tell me now!

A view screen extends from a slot in the wall displaying wiggly lines not unlike sound wave lines.

Computer: Explosion co-bonded with the time stasis field.

The screen changes to the word 'result' along with a wire frame model of a sphere which is slowly filled with the explosion.

Computer: Result- explosion is exploding really, really slowly. Explosion cannot be extinguished. Explosion must expand to its (the computer coughs) inevitable size.

Zim: What is that size? And why is my computer coughing?

The view screen shows the explosion in small ball size on Zim's living room floor.

Zim: Yes...

The view screen shows the explosion filling up the center of the living room.

Zim: Yes!

The view screen shows the explosion filling up the house.

Zim: No!

The view screen shows the house explode.

Zim: No!!

The view screen shows the explosion getting as big as the whole city, and getting bigger still.

Zim: Enough already! Solutions, give me solutions! Solutions, give me solutions!

Computer: Explosion could be dampened, perhaps.

Zim: The city cess pool! Of course! Of course!

The explosion has gotten significantly larger.

Zim: We'll drown this thing in garbage and then get back here before the Tallest call back!

Computer: I didn't... say anything about the city cess pool.

Zim: Yes! Ingenious! Come, GIR!

GIR stands up and salutes, going into duty mode. Cut to a hallway somewhere in the upper levels of the base. Zim carries the explosion with special gloves and GIR stands in front of him and give him directions since he can't see around the explosion. A green monkey statue (like the one in the living room picture) sits on a pedestal. They slowly progress.

GIR: K, a little to the left. Step forward. Okay, look out for the monkey.

Zim: Got it. Okay. How am I doing? Okay, monkey. Got it. Okay.

They walk out of sight.

GIR: Okay, look out for the other monkey. Okay?

Zim: Okay. Got it. Oh no!

The sound of something breaking is heard.

Zim: Oh no! Oh no!

Zim starts screaming as the sound of things falling over and breaking is heard.

GIR: Okay?

Zim: Okay. Look out!

The explosion bounces down the hallway. Zim chases after it. It bounces towards the elevator, which opens automatically letting it inside. Zim runs in after it. It bounces off of the wall and Zim catches it.

Zim: We cannot fail, GIR!

GIR slides into the elevator just as the doors close. The elevator starts going up.

Zim: Even as a small Irken Smeet, my dream was to pass Probing Day like a Slorbees passes her young: Jiggly, and full of juice! I must—

The elevator dings.

Zim: Oh, we're here!

The elevator door opens. Zim grunts as he forces the explosion (which has gotten slightly larger) through the doorway, burning up the doorway edges. They are in the Voot Cruiser docking bay. Zim glances at the singed doorway.

Zim: That was your fault, GIR! You're bad!

GIR stares. Zim looks at the Voot Cruiser, which is in the center of the room on a raised platform.

Zim: Just another challenge! GIR! Cross to the Voot Cruiser and work the tractor beam! I'll hold the explosion here until you grab it with the beam! Hurry!

GIR's head compartment opens and he pulls out a nasty looking puppy.

GIR: Look what I found!

GIR holds it in Zim's face and shakes it. It makes little yelping sounds.

GIR: He smells real bad!

Zim tries to lean away from the dog. GIR starts dancing around with it.

Zim: GIR! Stop! No! Leave!

GIR hops on Zim's head. Zim screams and drops the explosion. It falls down into the docking bay and bounces around knocking things out of place. Zim moans. Things start smoking and spewing steam and finally explode. The explosion burns through the wall of the house and falls outside. It lands on one lawn gnome and destroys it, bounces onto another, then bounces onto the walk way and sinks into the ground. The front door opens and a huge fat lady disguise can be seen holding disguised GIR by the leash.

Zim: Plan B!

Zim squeezes the fat lady disguise out of the house. The body is hollow to cover the explosion and Zim stands on a hover platform to lift himself up and make it appear that his head is the old lady's. Zim wears an afro, make-up, and of course the contacts. The old lady skirt lifts up and Zim hovers above the explosion, then the dress goes back down. The explosion is lifted up and hovers inside the dress. Zim looks down into the old lady suit and sees the explosion get bigger. Zim groans.

Zim: We have to hurry, GIR! It's growing faster!

Zim hovers along, knocking down his fence as he leaves the yard. Next door, the tumor lady watches in the window as slow-mo Dib slowly runs out the front door.

Dib (slowed down): Must find help!

Tumor lady: Huh, look at him run all slow-like!

Cut to the city sidewalks. People get out of the way in terror as Zim hovers down the sidewalk in his old lady disguise.

Zim: Quickly, GIR! We haven't much time!

Zim gasps. The city cess pool is just up ahead. The sign for it is visible.

Zim: Look! The city cess pool! Smells like human...

Cut to another area of the city, where the residential area ends. Dib walks down the sidewalk. Dib looks across the street and sees the Fat Cop leaning up against the wall. From Dib's point of view, everything flashes by. People speed by doing various things, a pigeon appears, and even a cow appears, but the cop doesn't move. Dib looks at the streets and sees the cars flash by. He then sees the cross walk change to 'walk.' Dib smiles. People around him start crossing. By the time Dib gets his foot down, the crosswalk changes to 'don't walk.' Dib slowly presses on. Cars drive towards him. Kyle Menke drives the car in the lead. He notices Dib and his eyes widen. He swerves and looses control of the car. It lands on it's side right in front of Dib. Other cars crash into this car and a huge pile up is created. Dib still pushes on. The cop hasn't moved. A flaming tire rolls over by the cop. Another car driven by Robert Hummel approaches from another road and stops before hitting the pile up. Robert Hummel sighs. A 'Morbidly Obese' truck crashes into him, knocking him into the pile up and sending the morbidly obese baby statue on top of the 'Morbidly Obese' truck flying. It flies over the pile up, hits a building, bounces into and off of the pile up and keeps rolling. Dib keeps moving, groaning in slow motion. Cut to the park. The Death Bee lands on a flower and then flies away. Carol Milican pushes an old man in a wheel chair along a sidewalk. Suddenly, the morbidly obese baby mascot rolls out of the forest and hits Carol. She screams. The old man starts rolling down a hill. He screams. He grunts as he pulls on the break handle but it breaks off. He rolls off the path down some more hills past a squirrel. He screams as he falls off of a cliff. Down bellow in the forest, Hugh Monstro stands next to Rob Hummel. Hugh opens his trench coat revealing meat. The old man in the wheel chair crashes into Hugh knocking him down and sending his meat flying. A slab of meat lands next to the Spooky Chihuahua. It grabs it in its mouth and drags the meat away.

Hugh Monstro: Hey! Come-a back-a with-a my meat!

High swings a sausage link angrily. Cut to the city cess pool. Zim approaches the entrance. Inside, an elephant hangs on to some trash. The Spooky Chihuahua drags its meat slab to the entrance of the city cess pool.

Zim: Dog with meat! Dog with meat!

Zim swings himself out of the way. As he spins around, he snags GIR on a bench causing him to fall back against a wall and fall over. The explosion bounces out. It lands on Zim's afro and bounces away. Zim screams. Zim lifts his head up revealing half of the afro burnt away.

Zim: Ho oh oh...

The explosion bounces away. GIR struggles to get up but can't. Cut to a police man arresting Iggins. Iggins screams as the police man pins him against the hood of the police car and begins to place hand cuffs on him.

Police officer: I'll show you not to stand around and do nothin'!

The explosion bounces by and lands in the middle of a nearby intersection. It sinks into the street. The police officer glances behind himself and sees it, but doesn't react. Then he turns around again and screams, throwing Iggins. The police officer speaks some gibberish.

Police officer: Run for your lives!

The police officer shields his head. The explosion gets slightly larger. The officer looks up.

Police officer: Hmm...

He straightens his hat.

Police officer: Oh, whaddya make a that?

Iggins sneaks away. The explosion gets larger, melting a stop light. People in the streets start running away. One guy rides a horse. An old woman drags Mary away from the explosion.

Old woman: Run!

She grunts as she tries to pull Mary along.

Old woman: Run!!!

She looks at how slow the explosion is.

Old woman: Well, uh... Walking's fine, honey.

They start walking away. Cut to a police officer wearing a megaphone helmet yells at the citizens who are only walking away.

Megaphone guy: Evacuate the city! Um...

The Megaphone blasts in one man's ears. He screams and then holds his ears.

Megaphone guy: No hurry, though. Just... you know, whenever.

An old man with a walker hums a tune as he slowly out walks the explosion. Cut to Zim's base. The explosion is visible in the distance. Zim and GIR walk up. Zim has abandoned the old lady costume but still wears the make-up and half-afro. Zim stops in front of the house.

Zim: The Tallest are gonna call soon!

GIR keeps walking up the walk way and falls in the crater made by the explosion.

Zim: I just know it! Base... so messy... and explosion so close! This is just horrible!

GIR: I know what you meeean.

Zim: That's it! Time!

GIR: What you saaaay?

Zim: If I can bring the time field around the explosion back up to regular speed, it'll fix everything!

Zim walks up to the front door.

GIR: No it won't!

Zim: The explosion will blow up like normal and be gone forever!

GIR: But won't it just explode? Just like this- KABLAM!

Zim: Do not interrupt my being ingenious! But I'll need another fragment of the time field as a trigger. The Dib monkey was in the field...

Zim opens the front door a little.

Zim: Too bad he was destroyed...

GIR: But no! No he wasn't!

Zim: He wasn't!?! Good! Let's get him!

GIR: Won't the s'ploding hurt?

Zim grabs GIR from the crater by his collar.

Zim: Do not question Zim!

Cut to the city. Children run by screaming like monkeys. They see an ice cream truck and stop to get ice cream. The ice cream truck drives away. Behind it, Dib is about to reach Fat Cop. In his view, many things flash by including people stealing a TV playing the scary monkey show on it, a man on a bike, and gorillas.

Dib (slowed down): Almost to police!

Suddenly, Zim appears in front of Dib.

Dib (slowed down): Almost to..

Zim reaches his hand out. Cut to Zim's attic. A giant sling shot is extended from out-of-disguise GIR's head. In the sling shot is a metal sphere which is clamped around Dib's head. Zim approaches wearing no disguise and holding the time stasis remote.

Dib (slowed down): Zim!

Zim stand in front of Dib and adjusts the knob on the remote.

Dib (slowed down): You're just going to blow us all up? This is stupid!

Dib hits the metal sphere.

Dib (slowed down): This is stupid! Stupid!

Dib hits the sphere some more.

Zim: There! I've accelerated Dib's time field to cancel out the field around the explosion. Computer! What's the angle of trajectory?

Computer: 36 mark 2. But seriously, Zim. If you just speed up the explosion-

Zim: I don't pay you to contradict me!

Computer: You don't pay me at all.

GIR: But if the big s'plodey goes fast, won't it get all bad?

GIR cries. Zim hands him a lollipop. GIR eats it happily. Zim lifts up the remote and presses a button. A holographic control panel appears in the air. It shoots a beam towards Dib, which lines up with Dib's forehead and aims him to shoot through the hole the explosion made in the wall earlier. Dib groans. The control panel disappears. Zim hides behind some rubble and presses a button on the remote. The hooked wire holding back the sling shot pulls back further then lets go, sending Dib flying. Dib yells as he flies forward. He grunts as he crashes through the wall instead of through the hole. He screams as he flies through the air. GIR chews on his lollipop. The hooked wire retracts into his head. Zim pokes his head up.

Zim: I am Zim!

Dib continues screaming as he flies through the air towards the explosion. He hits several houses and grunts as he bounces off of them. He screams as he is about to hit the explosion. A wide screen shot of him flying into the explosion is seen. Zim watches intently. GIR messes with the slingshot wire. As soon as Dib makes contact, the explosion speeds up to super fast speeds and reaches Zim's base with seconds. Cut to a transmission from Invader Larb on the Tallest's main view screen on board the Massive control room. Larb, who has been pummeled, falls back against the Universe's most comfortable couch and he falls forward, sliding off of it.

Red: Thank you, Invader Larb. Happy Probing Day!

The transmission ends.

Purple: Well, was that everyone? I hope that was everyone! Let's go, I'm hungry!

Purple hovers away.

Red: Well, there is Zim but (Purple rises from the floor) I think he stopped being alive! Oh well, let's see!

The main view screen shows Zim bouncing around in the explosion, screaming. The transmission ends.

Purple: Hmmm... Okaaay...

Purple lowers into the floor.

Red: Wow.

Cut to Zim in the living room of his wrecked base. He walks over to his TV.

Zim: Hello! Hello!?! I am here, my Tallest! My Tallest!?! Noooo!

Zim falls to his knees. Dib walks up, looking badly beaten, but back to normal speed. Zim stands.

Dib: You jerk!

Dib collapses.


The Massive and the Irken Armada hovers above the mechanical Storage Planet. Inside a long tube-like structure inside the planet lined with many individual storage compartments, the Tallest stand on a hover platform that lifts them upwards. Purple glances over at Red with a grin. The hover platform stops at a compartment. A beam shoots from the hover platform into a hole on the compartment covering, turning it see-through and revealing the Megadoomer Combat Stealth Mech inside.

Red: The Megadoomer Combat Stealth Mech! (points at the machine for emphasis)

Purple: I don't like it!

Red: We didn't build it so you could "like" it. This one's going to planet Meekrob to help Invader Tenn conquer it!

Purple: Well, I should like it.

The platform begins to rise again. Cut to another compartment which becomes see-through revealing defective SIRs babbling unintelligible gibberish. One pops up strapped with dynamite, and another tackles that one. Another pops up on fire, and two more pop up wrestling. A whole ball of SIRs rolls by and then one SIR chases another with a buzz saw extending from its head. One swings an axe around while another fires a missile. Another hangs from a wire on the ceiling and yet another has its weaponry extend and detract from its head.

Purple: Malfunctioning SIR units! Hey! These things are dangerous! Anyone using these could really get hurt! Send them to Zim.

Red gasps.

Red: But they'll destroy him!

Red and Purple burst into laughter at the thought.

Purple: Uh, let's go eat food!

The platform rises. Cut to the Conveyor Belt Planet. Hundreds of packages move along the conveyor belts that encircle the planet. A slave Screw Head stands on a hover disk next to a conveyor belt pressing buttons on a remote. An Irken Guard stands in the distance. Another Screw Head lifts a package off of the conveyor belt and falls off of his hover disk due to its weight. Smikka Smikka Smoodoo presses some buttons on his remote. Two towering packages, one containing the SIRs and the other containing the Megadoomer, move along the conveyor belt and stop in front of him. Smikka stares at them. The SIR package has a computerized address that says 'To Zim: Earth' and the other says 'To Invader Tenn: Meekrob.' The Screw Head who fell off of his hover disk falls by in the background. Smikka watches as he falls by.

Smikka Smikka Smoodoo: Irken monsters... conquer my people! Take our planet... force us to ship packages! Can I call myself a man if I am a slave to the Irken machine? Our futures... crushed like so many little loving packing peanuts! No... NO, I say! I must rebel! I will... I WILL... switch the addresses on these two boxes!

Smikka presses some buttons on his remote and the two addresses switch.

Smikka Smikka Smoodoo: Let the revolution beg-

The Irken Guard shocks Smikka with his taser staff (Shock spear) and Smikka screams, then falls down smoking. Smikka groans. Cut to Earth. Zim (in disguise) walks down the sidewalk next to Spuddy.

Zim: And then, then Dib says "Raarr!" in front of the whole CLASS! Filthy slug! Ms. Bitters called on me! Understand? Filthy, squirmy Dib! SQUIRMY!

Spuddy's eyes jiggle in apprehension.

Spuddy: What are you talking about!?! Who are you!?!

Zim: I can't believe the things that hhhhuman has done to me! Me! And...

Zim swings his fists around, grunting.

Zim: Dib!

Zim grunts some more, swinging his fists.

Spuddy: Why are you following me!?! I don't even go to your skool!

Zim: And the...

Zim growls.

Zim: Oh, he makes me so MAD! The horrible puny-brained meat child, with his little glasses and his...

They get to Spuddy's house and Spuddy runs up the walkway to his front door and opens it. Zim grunts.

Zim: HEAD!

Spuddy shuts the door and Zim begins to walk up the walkway.

Zim: My name is Dib with my pointy hair! Pointy haair!

Zim turns around and walks away.

Zim: I eat food and have stuff!

Zim waves his arms around. Spuddy watches from the window, traumatized. Cut to Zim's house. Zim walks up the walk way and opens the door.

Zim: Oh, he will pay, how he will paaayy!

Zim enters and shuts the door behind him. The Megadoomer package suddenly crashes in his front yard.

Zim: Wooow!

Cut to the Irken Armada. It hovers over the planet Invader Stink was sent to conquer. The control panel of the Massive beeps. The main view screen transmits Zim inside his lab (now out of disguise).

Zim: (speaking so fast his words are almost unintelligible) Oh thank you you've done the right thing my Tallest and you won't be forgotten when I rule the Universe thanks to this amazing battle mech BYE!

The transmission goes into static. The control panel beeps again.

Irken Comm. Officer: Incoming transmission!!! From planet Meekrob.

The view screen cuts to Invader Tenn.

Invader Tenn: It's horrible! They're everywhere!

Tenn screams. The transmission shows the malfunctioning SIRs all over the place, babbling like crazy. One SIR uses the buzz saw coming out of its head to saw open the head of a SIR who has a cake with a stick of dynamite in it. Another SIR's head spins while another SIR peaks out from behind some rocks. Another SIR has its weaponry extended from its head and it firing it while another SIR holds its hand up and clamps at the air. One SIR hangs on a wire while another SIR fires a laser cannon.

Cut to Zim's house. A sea of packing peanuts floods the house with the Megadoomer standing in the middle of the living room, the box it came in split in two behind it. GIR (in dog suit) makes happy noises and swims in the packing peanuts. GIR swims by Zim and Zim lifts him up by his ear.

Zim: The Megadoomer, GIR! The most powerful stealth robot in the Irken Military.

Zim drops GIR. GIR walks over towards the Megadoomer.

Zim: Engineered by conquered Vort scientists actually. They're filthy.

GIR gasps and then hugs the robot's leg.

GIR: Ooh! It's got chicken legs!

Zim: Yes... Chicken legs. It also possesses a new generation destortion cloaking system. You know what that means?

GIR: Ooooooooh!

GIR suddenly wigs out and spazzes madly in midair, screaming, then abruptly stops.

Zim: That means it turns invisible!

GIR: I had no idea!

Zim hops onto GIR's head. GIR's thruster feet activate and GIR lifts Zim up to the top of the Megadoomer.

Zim: It's a bit much, but I will use this to annihilate the Dib!

Zim hops off GIR into the open cockpit. GIR hovers in place.

Zim: I can't wait!

GIR: I'm floatin'.

Zim presses some buttons, but nothing happens.

Zim: Hey! Huh? Whatsa’ matter with this thing?

GIR opens the battery shaft.

GIR: Awww...

GIR pulls out a long tube. Zim stands on the Megadoomer.

Zim: No batteries!?! Have to improvise!

GIR plugs a massive plug device into a socket in the house. The plug is connected to the Megadoomer by a long cord. Zim goes back into the cockpit and closes it behind him. He presses a button.

Computer: Cloaking device activated!

The Megadoomer turns invisible, but the cord and Zim can still be seen.

GIR: (cheerfully) I can still see you!

Zim presses a button and the stealth mode deactivates. Zim pops out of the hatch.

Zim: Silence! My victory... begins... NOW!!!

Zim laughs evilly. He takes a deep breath and laughs some more. Then his laugh turns into a half-hearted chuckle. Cut to the outside of Zim's house. The Megadoomer plows through the wall. Zim pilots the Megadoomer sloppily, crushing a lawn gnome and crashing into the walks of the houses to the sides. Zim laughs evilly. He presses a button and the cloaking device activates. GIR pulls the power cord out of the house.

Zim: Careful with that power cord! Now I know you can't see me GIR because the cloaking device is on! Just follow the sound of the stomping!

The invisible foot of the Megadoomer crushes a fire hydrant, causing water to spew upward. As Zim walks down the street, a lamp post gets crushed.

Zim: The Dib pig won't see this one coming!

Zim starts laughing evilly, chokes, and laughs some more. Two neighbors stick their heads out of a window with their mouths agape at the sight of Zim in his invisible death machine. Another neighbor, Jay Bondy, looks up and Zim as he is entering his house. He trips and falls inside. A child takes a grocery bag from the Carol Milican and the groceries fall out of the button. Aimy, who is sitting at her computer in her room, hears the stomping and goes to her window and sees Zim in the invisible Megadoomer walk by. GIR follows behind the Megadoomer.

Zim: Look at their scared faces! They hear the terror but they see nothing! Fools!

The power cord runs out and the plug gets yanked out of the wall and flies into the street.

Computer: Powering down!

The Megadoomer stops and becomes visible. Zim pushes the levers but nothing happens.

Zim: GIR! What happened?

GIR: The plug thing! It's not plugged!

Zim: Another outlet! Quickly!

GIR runs to the plug, screaming. He giggles as he picks up the massive plug and carries it to the front lawn of a house right next to the Megadoomer. There is a glowing pig lawn ornament. GIR kicks the pig away and puts the plug in the outlet the pig was plugged into. The Megadoomer becomes invisible again.

GIR: Gobble gobble gobble gobble gobble.

Zim clears his throat.

Zim: Onward to vengeance!

Zim stomps foreword and GIR follows. A police car being driven by the Lobotomy Cop drives down a street, sirens blaring, and he sees Zim burst through a tree and walk into the street. The Lobotomy Cop pulls out a weapon and pops out of the window, firing at Zim. The blasts hit the invisible Megadoomer and the cop tosses the weapon then hits the breaks. He crawls into the back seat just when the invisible foot of the Megadoomer crushes the front half of the car, stopping the siren. GIR, who is sitting on the power cord as it is dragged by the car, smiles at the cop.

GIR: Nyaaa!

Zim smirks to himself and continues walking. The cord runs out and the plug comes undone again. The force of the plug popping out throws GIR off of the cord and he smack onto the windshield of the Megadoomer. The Megadoomer becomes visible.

Zim: GIR! Outlet! Before we're noticed!

GIR gets up and hops off the back of the Megadoomer, sliding down the cord.

GIR: Wooo hoo!

Cut to the Old Folks Home. GIR casts a shadow over it as he runs by. Some old people watch a Sci-Fi show with a Cyborg.

Cyborg: What I'm trying to say SIR... is that he was like no man I've ever SEEN!

GIR bursts through the window with the plug, yelling. GIR yanks out the TV plug and sticks the Megadoomer plug in. GIR hops on top of the plug and break dances, while making victory noises.

Old man: What he say?

Cut to the street. A woman driving down the street stops at a red light. She smiles and stares, oblivious to Zim in the invisible Megadoomer yelling at her.

Zim: Hey! Get out of the way! Hey! Hey! Hey! Move it! Hey! Hey! You invoke my wrath!?!

The light turns green and she drives away.

Zim: Vengeance for Zim!

Cut to a sandbox where Chuck and Buck play with toy robots. A flashlight it positioned in the middle of the sandbox to give it spooky lighting.

Chuck: My robot hits yours with swarmers!

Chuck presses a button on the robot and two plastic missiles shoot out.

Buck: I counter with the wave pulse!

Lights on Buck's robot toy flashes. Chuck's eye twitches.

Chuck: I'm not playing with you anymore!

The sound of stomping is heard. The Megadoomer suddenly becomes visible, stepping on some metal bars nearby Chuck and Buck.

Zim: More power! Give me more power!

A flash of light occurs in the distance and the Megadoomer becomes invisible again. Chuck and Buck watch as the invisible Megadoomer walks away. GIR pops up and eats Chuck and Buck's toy robots, then giggles insanely and runs away. Zim plows through some trees and through some power cables. Cut to Dib's bathroom. Dib sets a cup onto the sink. He spits water into the sink and then wipes his mouth with his sleeve. The ground shakes and the toilet water ripples. Dib looks at the toilet. It happens again and Dib looks worried. It happens one last time.

Zim: Prepare yourself for the end, Dib!

Dib looks out the window. He runs out the front door. Zim is there in the invisible Megadoomer, tree branches sticking to it. GIR stands at its feet.

Zim: I've put up with you long enough, Dib! Now, fight an enemy you cannot see!

Dib: You're right there!

Zim: What?

Zim scoots over. Dib points at him.

Dib: There! Your mighty Irken cloaking device cloaks the robot but not you!

Zim: Lies! Now, behold the doom cannon!

Zim presses a button. The sound of the doom cannon moving into place is heard.

Dib: I can't. It's invisible!

GIR walks around behind Dib.

Zim: But you can see me?

Dib: That's what I said.

Zim: Oh that's stupid!

Dib: Really stupid!

Zim: You dare agree with me!?! Prepare to meet your horrible doom!

Zim presses a button over and over again at great speeds. Electricity surges through the Megadoomer.

Computer: WARNING! POWER DRAW CRITICAL!

All the lights in the city go out. The Megadoomer becomes visible.

GIR: Chicken!

GIR laughs.

GIR: I'm gonna eat you!

Dib: Wow!

Dib pulls out a camera (with the lens caps on) and starts taking pictures.

Zim: Power emergency! GIR! Power emergency!

Zim presses buttons in the Megadoomer but nothing happens.

Dib: Crop Circles magazine's gonna put me on the front cover! Somebody, take one with me standing next to it!

Dib looks around. He places the camera in GIR's hands. Dib runs over to the Megadoomer and starts posing. GIR takes pictures. Zim pounds his head against the Megadoomer control panel. Dib takes a vampirish looking pose.

GIR: Awwoh, you look so cute!

Zim: No, GIR! No! Security...

Zim yanks on his antennae.

Zim: ....compromiiise! Must.. self.. destruct!

Zim presses the self-destruct button. Zim is ejected from the back. He gets up and walks away.

Computer: 5... 4... 3... 2...

Dib ducks down.

Computer: 1...

Dib quickly lifts up to snatch his camera from GIR, then ducks back down. The Megadoomer explodes. The force sends GIR flying. Dib squeezes his eyes shut. Zim grabs the camera, and Dib opens his eyes again and looks up.

Zim: Victory!

Flaming debris from the Megadoomer flies by in the background.

Dib: What do you mean 'victory'!?! Your robot exploded and you didn't destroy me!

Zim: It was a trick, yes! Eh, my real plan was to... steal this camera from you! So that you couldn't show these pictures, hah!

Dib tackles Zim. They wrestle over the camera as action music plays.

Dib: Give it back! Come on!

Zim tosses the camera from one hand to the other.

Zim: Nope, nope, uh uh, no way, uh uh!

Dib grabs the camera.

Dib: Victory for Earth!

Zim: You had the lens cap on.

Dib: I did not, I-

Dib looks at the camera and sees that it is true, then he screams. Zim runs away.

Zim: Victory! Victory for Zim!

A huge piece of debris falls on Zim. A large bird snatches Dib's camera and flies away, screeching.

Dib: Well, I liked that camera, but I guess this is a victory for me... Yeah... or something... I'm going back to bed...

Zim (off screen): I am Zim!

Dib walks inside and shuts the door behind him. GIR is stuck to the door, his dog disguise torn up. He slides down the door. Cut to the Massive, still hovering above the planet Invader Stink was sent to conquer.

Irken Comm. Officer: Automatic signal!!! From the Megadoomer, Sir... It self-destructed.

Purple: (hopefully) With Zim in it?

Red: (in disappointment) Probably not. Probably not!

Red holds up a small frosted creature and squeezes it, making it squeak. The transmission screen cuts to Invader Tenn on planet Meekrob. The defective SIRs can be seen in the background. Tenn screams.

Invader Tenn: They've eaten everything!

A SIR pops his head into view.

Invader Tenn: We're all doomed!

Tenn yells in slow motion as a SIR runs by, on fire.

Invader Tenn: Dooomed!

A missile flies by and blows up the transmission screen she is using to contact the Tallest with. Tenn lifts her head up, covered in soot, as a SIR runs by. Lasers fire. Another SIR drops from the sky in the background, exploding when it hits the ground. The Almighty Tallest stare apathetically in silence as the transmission is cut off, Red with frosting sloppily smeared on his face, Purple holding one of the frosted creatures. Tenn’s groan is heard.


A navy blue insect climbs up a blade of grass in front of the Skool. Dib stands at the front of his class, giving a presentation. The word "Galileo" is written on the board. On Ms. Bitters' desk there is a very nasty, worm-ridden apple.

Dib: ...But nobody believed Galileo! They even put him in jail! Now if all these people who just called him crazy were brought back and shown just how wrong they really were, they'd be sorry! Oh, they'd be sor—

Ms. Bitters: Time's up, Dib. Any questions?

Zita raises her hand.

Ms. Bitters: Yes, Zita?

Zita (Referring to Dib): You're crazy!

Ms. Bitters: Excellent, Zita! You get an A!

Zita sticks her tongue out at Dib.

Zita: Nyah!

Zim snickers quietly.

Dib: But that wasn't a question.

Dib walks to his desk. Zim and Dib exchange angry glances. Dib takes his seat. Melvin stands at the door with a veiny head. He scratches his head and hums, then skips inside the classroom. Melvin continues to scratch his head.

Melvin: Sorry I'm late! My head's itchy!

Melvin giggles. Close-up shot of Melvin's head. It's covered in lice that are biting his scalp. Melvin scratches his head furiously and a swarm of lice leaves his head before looming over the class. Ms. Bitters gasps and points at Melvin in a very accusatory way.

Ms. Bitters: LLIIICE!!!

The lice swoop down on the children. They get out of their desks, itching their heads and screaming. Carl scratches through his beanie, showing his skull. Zim gets out of his desk, screaming and feeling his wig. He calms down when he realizes there are no lice. Chunk bangs his head on the wall. Zim holds his lice-less head and looks around.

Smeedge and Penny rub their backs together. Sara and Rob bang their heads together. Zim removes his hands and looks at them. The children burst through the classroom door into the hallway. Mathew P. Mathers III also tries to run into the hall, but instead runs into a wall. Gaz stands against a wall in the hallway, playing her GS2.

As the skool children run down the halls, more students burst out of the other classes, also afflicted with lice. Pretty soon, all the kids have lice. Gaz continues playing her GS2, ignoring the lice. Biscuity Goodness walks up to Gaz, screaming and scratching his head.

Biscuity Goodness: Itching! In my braaain!

Gaz: Pshhh, whiner!

Gaz waves her hand and Biscuity Goodness gets thrown back. A panel on Ms. Bitters' desk slides open. Soon, a glass covering lifts up, exposing a red button. Ms. Bitters presses the button.

Cut to the delouser headquarters. Countess Von Verminstrasser sits in a chair watching three monitors, which show random views of the skool interior, when red lights start flashing. The monitors show the exterior of the skool with the word red alert flashing. The Countess gets up and points to some teleporters. The Countess and two assistants enter the teleporters, and with a red flash, they are gone.

Cut back to Ms. Bitters' class. The walls in the corner of her classroom split along with the ceiling tiles in that area, as a teleportation device unfolds. The Countess and her assistants teleport into the class. The kids are all back in their seats, all of them screaming and itching except for Zim. One of the assistants waves a handheld scanning device across the class.

Assistant #1: Level 1 infestation, ma'am.

Countess: A level 1. I am Countess Von Verminstrasser, the delouser! For your own good, you will cooperate! You have LIIICE, and until your condition changes, you will all be detained here indefinitely!

Dib: You can't really make us stay here.

Countess: You dare question me? Question my methods? You, who stands to benefit the most from my work? You disgust me!

Ms. Bitters: What a nice lady.

Dib: All I said was...

Countess: Silence! Let the delousing begin!

Cut to the outside of the skool. A quarantine tarpaulin unfurls and drapes over the skool.

Countess (voice only): Any attempts to escape will be severely frowned upon, so don't try!

Two children run down the skool hallway towards the exit and open the front door. They put there hands on the quarantine sheet and an electric shock sends them flying down the hallway, charred.

Cut to the auditorium. The lice-infested skool children are packed in there. The Countess stands at a podium on the auditorium stage with her two assistants behind her. Ms. Bitters and Zim sit in chairs on the stage too. Some of the children in the crowd are charred and smoking, due to their attempted escape.

Countess: You have been separated according to the severity of your cases. The worst over here!

The Countess points to some children standing in one section of the auditorium moaning and itching, including Gaz, Dib, Melvin, Carl, and Chunk. The Countess points to Ms. Bitters and Zim.

Countess:: These two have no lice on them at all!

Zim stands up and marches over to the podium.

Zim: I'd just like to say that if I were a member of an alien race- Which I'm not! Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh! I'd have to take this opportunity to say—

Zim stands on top of the podium.

Zim: Filthy Earth creatures! It is clear who the superior species is! Isn't it!?! Isn't it!?! You stink!

Zim growls and claws at the air. Dib throws a wad of paper at Zim, causing him to go silent. Zim and Dib exchange angry glances. One of the Countess's assistants grabs Zim by his head and lifts him up, placing him back in his seat. The Countess goes back to the podium.

Countess: The two CLEAN ones will be taken to a special area for immunity research.

Dib: This is insane! Isn't this a bit much for just an outbreak of lice?

Melvin shrugs.

Melvin: Eh.

Countess: The rest of you will see my assistants for your assignments.

Cut to a hallway in the skool. Dib and Melvin walk down it, handcuffed to each other, while Verminstrasser's Assistants walk behind them. The doors in the hallway are open. As they walk, Dib looks into a door to his left where Samichy's head is being shaven by another assistant. Dib looks into a door on his right and sees Spoo hanging upside down, while being dunked into a vat of delousing fluid.

Dib looks into another door on his left and sees Rob sitting in a chair with a monkey on his head, picking off lice and eating them. They both groan as one of the assistants shoves the two into a room and shuts the door behind them. Melvin falls down. He gets up and they both start scratching their heads. Inside the room is a device with mechanical arms, two empty chairs, and a vat of delousing fluid.

Dib: We've gotta get out of here!

Dib runs to the window, dragging Melvin along on the floor. Dib yanks on the window seal.

Countess: Take your seats, licey children!

The Countess stands by the two chairs.

Dib: You won't get away with this!

Countess: Get away with it? When I'm finished here I'll be looked upon as a hero!

The Countess shakes her fist.

Countess: You simply do not comprehend my work here, boy, and I do not have time to explain! Take your seats NOOOW!!!

Melvin runs to a seat, dragging Dib along. Melvin screams as the Countess uses a tasor-like delousing device on him. Afterwards, his head is covered in the pink foamy delousing fluid.

Countess (to Dib): Your turn!

One of the Countess's assistants stands in the doorway.

Assistant #1: Countess, you are required in B-Wing.

Countess: So much to do! I'll be back!

The Countess run out of the room, dropping the tasor-like device on the floor. She pushes the door on her way out and it starts to close. Dib jumps up and kicks the tasor-like device and it spins towards the door. It gets lodged in between the door and the wall, stopping the door from closing completely.

Dib: Melvin! It's obvious this delouser has become mad with power!

Melvin: You mean...

Melvin's voice becomes demonic and his eyes twitch.

Melvin: ...she's craaaaazy!?!

Dib: Yeah... We've gotta tell the world what's happening! The skool, no, the world depends on us!

Dib runs, dragging Melvin along on the floor. By the time they are in the hallway, Melvin is back on his feet and running behind Dib. The ground is littered with land mines. Dib stops at a door and Melvin keeps running, causing him to fall down due to their handcuffs. Melvin gets up and rubs his head.

Dib: Immunity research? Zim!

Dib peaks through the glass section of the door. Zim and Ms. Bitters are sitting on chairs. One of the Countess's assistants approaches them with a device that looks like an electric cheese grater.

Assistant #2: We'll need skin samples to find out what makes you immune to the infestation.

Zim: I'm no different from the other humans! I'm loaded with lice! They're simply... heh... in my belly!

Zim squeezes his stomach and it squeaks. The assistant walks over to a table.

Zim: Maybe you should just put me in with the normal filthy Earth child group!

The assistant approaches Ms. Bitters with his device. Ms. Bitters angrily stands up and growls.

Ms. Bitters: Take it from the child!

The assistant backs away. Zim grins nervously. Light flashes through the skool as the assistant uses the device on Zim. Zim screams, his voice echoing through the skool.

Zim: MY SKIN! MY SUPERIOR SKIIN!

Cut to the room where Gaz is. She sits in a chair playing her GS2 with tubes on her head.

Gaz: Pfff... Whiner.

Cut back to the hallway.

Dib: Uh, that was kinda neat, but—

Countess (voice only): What is it!?! Make it quick!

Dib realizes the Countess's voice is coming from a room across the hallway. Dib drags Melvin over to it. The door is open ajar, so they peaks inside. Gretchen sits in a chair, scratching her head, while the Countess and one of her assistants stand by.

Assistant #1: Forgive me Countess, but 15 of the test subjects have... disappeared.

Gretchen: Um... Heeey!

Countess: Escaped?

Assistant #1: Uh, no, they never would've made it past the mine field. They're, they're just gone!

Gretchen: Heeey! Excuse me!

Countess: Leave us! Up the security! The final battle is upon us!

The assistant beams away.

Gretchen: What are you talking about?

The Countess paces around the room.

Countess: An infestation of this size provides me with research opportunities I could only dream of before! Some will suffer, yes...

The Countess pats Gretchen on the head.

Countess: ...But for the greater good!

Gretchen: Why am I here?

Countess: But these disappearances... This is something more! Perhaps the proof I've been searching for!

Gretchen: Why are you telling me this?

Countess: Proof of a mastermind Queen Louse, the source of all lice! And I will stop it!

Gretchen: Can I go now?

Dib backs away from the door as Melvin's teeth chatter.

Dib: A lice queen? She's crazier than I thought! We have to stop her! Keep quiet Melvin and we'll—

Melvin starts jittering and moaning.

Melvin: Nooo! NOO!!!! LICE QUEEN!!!

Melvin sobs.

Dib: That was not quiet.

One of the assistants walks down the hall and approaches them. Melvin chatter his teeth.

Assistant #2: What are you doing out here?

Dib: What... are you doing out here?

The assistant shakes his head.

Assistant #2: Using... mind tricks...

The assistant grabs his head and screams.

Dib: Come on, while he's distracted!

Dib and Melvin make a run for it.

Assistant #2: Huh?

The assistant starts to chase them. The Countess pops out of a room, holding Gretchen by her wrist. Soon, Assistant #1 pops out of another room. The Countess points to the assistant.

Countess: Continue your studies! We'll handle this!

Inside the room, the second assistant examines a drooling Zim with his chair lying on its side. Skin has been removed from Zim's face and he moans in pain. Dib and Melvin continue running and enter another room. Inside are rows of students hooked up to machines that have mechanical arms zapping their heads. Dib looks behind himself, and sees the silhouette of the assistant pass by the glass portion of the door.

Dib: We lost her!

Melvin screams. The Countess stands in front of them, still holding Gretchen off the ground by her wrist.

Countess: I knew you'd be trouble!

Gretchen: I really don't wanna be here!

The Countess pulls out a tasor. She turns it on and swings it at Dib. Dib groans and ducks as it scraps the top of Melvin's head, sending smoke from his hair. Dib and Melvin back up towards the students in the machines.

Dib: This has to stop!

Countess: You don't get it, child! No one gets it! But I will show you! All of you!

Dib: Don't get it? They're just lice! Look, they don't hurt anybody!

Dib sticks his hand in his hair and lifts it out. Lice crawl all over it. Dib holds onto his wrist and screams. Dib waves his hand to get them off.

Countess: You can't see the full extent of the problem! It's much bigger than you know!

Dib: Oh, not the lice queen thing!

Gretchen: This place smells. Can I have a soda?

Countess: You just need to open your mind!

The Countess points at her head.

Dib: You're insane!

Dib makes the hand motion for craziness.

Dib: There is no lice quee—

Suddenly, the ground starts shaking and the floor beneath them cracks. The ground underneath crumbles, revealing a massive cavern below. The children strapped into the machines fall in, followed by the Countess and Gretchen who scream as they fall. Melvin starts to fall in and he slips out of the handcuffs and falls. Dib twirls his wrist, glad to be free of the handcuffs. The ground underneath Dib crumbles too and he falls in. They fall into the lice hive. The Lice Queen growls. She is a giant louse with a large bulbous egg-laying section. Many children are cocooned within the chamber. The Lice Queen growls some more.

Dib: What!?! What is this!?! What's going on!?!

Countess: The Queen! We found the nest! I knew it! I was right!

Dib: She was right.

The Lice Queen puts its egg-laying tube onto Mathew P. Mathers III's head, then it pulls it off of him.

Countess: Look, it's filling these kid's heads with lice, just like Melvin, so they could spread them to the outside world!

Melvin screams. The Lice Queen roars back.

Countess: All those years, searching, waiting! They laughed at me, told me I was loosing my grip on reality! But there it is, proof of everything I've known to be true!

Gretchen: She does this, she just keeps talking!

The Lice Queen places its claws on its egg-laying section and tears itself loose, while growling, so it can be in a more agile state. The Lice Queen leaps down towards them.

Dib: Hey, that thing you were right about... It's about to eat us!

The Lice Queen lifts a claw up and smashes it down, sending everyone flying and screaming. The Lice Queen growls and approaches Melvin. Melvin dives out of the way of the Lice Queen. Melvin runs, narrowly missing more swipes from the Queen's claws. The Lice Queen returns to the group. She smashes a claw down and the Countess is sent flying. Another claw almost hits Dib. The Lice Queen turns around and sees Gretchen. Gretchen backs away and then runs but the Lice Queen chases her.

Assistant #2: Boss!

The Countess looks up and sees one of her assistants looking down from the gap in the ceiling. The assistant lifts up Zim.

Assistant #2: This green child, he is the answer! His skin! His skin destroys the lice! Here!

The assistant pulls out a large bazooka-like weapon.

Assistant #2: Use this against them!

The assistant tosses the weapon to the Countess. He then tosses down Zim and he lands in the dirt. The Lice Queen growls and strikes a claw down on Gretchen's teeth. Nothing happens. The Queen pounds Gretchen's buck teeth repeatedly to no avail. The Countess steps forward and places Zim in an opening in the gun. She points it at the Queen. The Queen looks at the Countess. Zim starts to spin as the gun blenderizes him. The Queen runs towards them, screaming.

Countess: Close your eyes, baby!

The Countess fires the weapon sending a scream of liquefied Zim skin at the Queen. The Queen screams and melts. The Countess then runs to the nest area and sprays all the cocooned students. The cocoons melt and the students slide off of the wall. The Countess pops up in front of Dib.

Dib: You were right all along! I was wrong about you! Sorry, I guess...

Countess: You should be.

The Countess sprays Dib, sending him to the ground. All the lice slide out of his hair.

Countess: Thanks to the bravery of this child...

The Countess lifts Zim out of the weapon, revealing his grounded-up lower half.

Countess: ...the world will never have to deal with the threat of lice ever again!

Zim screams and wiggles his grounded-up legs.

Zim: The pain!

Gaz (voice echoing from above): WHINER!!!

Countess: Future generations will sing songs about him, and his brave sacrifice for the fight against head lice! Good work, child!

Dib: He's an alien you know!

Countess: My work here is done!

The Countess lifts up Zim. The children start gathering behind her. Cut to Ms. Bitters sitting alone in the Immunity Research room. She twitches and scratches her head and then goes back to her normal stance.


Something large casts a shadow over Zim's house. Cut to the transmission room of Zim's lab. Zim stands in the control platform while a large transmission screen shows the Almighty Tallest. Purple is eating a burrito.

Red: So, you're saying the humans are dumb... yet tall. HOW is that even possible!?! I mean, how could anything tall be dumb?

Purple chews on a mouthful of the burrito while he talks.

Purple: Yeah!

Purple bites off a chunk of the burrito.

Purple: Huh!?! Huh!? (laughs) Can you imagine? Huh!?! Huh!?! Huh!?!

Zim: I can assure you, it's really quite-

The doorbell rings. A computer screen lifts up from the control panel with pictures of the door and door bell, along with the flashing words 'door bell.'

Zim: Door... bellll? Uh, hold on!

Zim scampers over to the control panel and pulls on a microphone.

Zim: GIR!

Zim lets go of the microphone. A machine lowers from the ceiling and dispenses GIR (in disguise). GIR lands on the floor face first, smoking.

Zim: (talking slowly and clearly, for better comprehension) GIR! Re-mem-ber with your brains: You must behave like a human dog monster! Do you understand?

GIR gets up.

GIR (blithely): I really don't!

Zim: GIR!

Zim glances over to the Tallest nervously.

Zim: Human dogs don't speak!

makes circles with his arms.

GIR: Oooooh! (makes circles with his arms)"

Zim: Now go answer the door!

GIR salutes, making monkey noises and yelling assorted gibberish as he runs off.

Zim: Ah yes, where were we?

Purple: Oh yeah. Huh!?! Huh!?!

Cut to the living room, where GIR runs to the front door. The floor panel he stands on lifts up, pushed by various mechanical things. It lifts GIR up to the eyehole. GIR looks outside and can see two aliens, Blue and Green, wearing human disguises. Blue's disguise is a woman with the nametag 'Fred' while Green's disguise is a man with the nametag 'Mary.' Their disguises are horrible, consisting of papier-mache masks and a sheet with an image of a human body on it. Green and Blue push back and forth, trying to look through the eyehole. Their face pieces only cover the front of their face. GIR opens the door and sits down. Green and Blue look at each other.

Blue: Howdy, squishy! We are here to vomit language with the young man who lives in this shelter unit.

GIR stares at them.

Green: What!?! We're not aliens!

Blue: Oh, aliens! Ha! That's a good one.

Blue and Green start laughing. Green liquid starts to pour out from their real eyes behind the masks. It gets everywhere, including all over GIR.

Cut back to the lab. Purple is no longer eating the burrito, nor is his mouth full of it.

Purple: So how tall are they?

Zim: Perhaps as tall as you, my Tallest.

Red: And somehow - and I'm just trying to get this straight here - somehow they're dumb?

Zim: Like the dull-witted Gasquiggasplorch!

Red: I see! Fascinating!

Purple: Yes, it is fascinating...

The transmission starts to jump.

Purple: ...but I... don't see.

The transmission goes into static.

Zim: He.. hello? My Tallest!?! Where have you gone!?! GIR!

In the Living Room, Green and Blue sit on the couch. GIR is at Green's feet sleeping and cuddling up next to it. Zim walks in, wearing his disguise.

Zim: GIR, what have you done to the-

Zim notices the aliens.

Zim: Who're you?

Blue stands up.

Blue: Howdy, perfectly normal human worm... baby! We are your new neighbors!

Zim: You're wearing costumes!

Green looks around nervously.

Green: Eh, eh, eh, no we aren't!

Zim: Yes you are! You're not human at all! You're aliens! Your ship is emitting an interference field and it just interrupted a very important call!

Blue: Uh, uh, right! Plan 2!

Green stands up.

Green: Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, what's plan 2!?!

Blue: Uh, stuff him in a sack!

Green unrolls a sack.

Zim: GIR! Defensive mode!

GIR beeps, gets up, and jumps into the sack. Green grabs Zim and stuffs him into the sack, then ties it up. A green beam envelops them and they disappear. They reappear aboard their ship. A monitor screen reads 'Today's specimen: Human.' Blue and Green pull off their disguises. Zim cuts through the sack with a mechanical spider leg. Once he is out, it retracts back into his backpack. The neighborhood is visible through glass areas of the ship's floor. Zim looks around. Green drinks Alien Juice.

Zim: Who are you!?!

Green sips on his juice.

Blue: Foolish Earthling! You have fallen victim to our clever plan!

Green: He sure did, Pa!

Zim: You threw me in a sack!

GIR gets out of the sack.

Blue: Silence! You have been chosen as a perfect specimen of the human race and will be added to our collection of life forms.

Zim: But-

Blue pulls out a stick with red lights that when he waves around makes the word 'OBEY' written in the air.

Blue: Do not attempt to resist us! We have spent hundreds of your Earth years harvesting the galaxy, haven't we? Adding to our collection!

Hundreds of empty tubes line the ship. Green stands next to one of them. He breathes on the glass to fog it up and wipes it with a piece of cloth.

Zim: Well, where are they?

Green: They escaped!

Blue: Oh! Oh! Don't say that! It might give him ideas!

Green hides his mouth behind the piece of cloth. He lowers it and groans.

Zim: But I'm not human!

Zim removes his wig and contacts. He holds up one of the contacts.

Zim: See? Not human! Only a brilliant disguise!

GIR eats the other contact.

Zim: I can see how you can be fooled but-

Blue: You ARE human! We have proof!

Blue points to the monitor. It goes into static then changes to a surveillance video of Ms. Bitters' classroom. Dib slides out of his seat and pops up next to Zim.

Dib: I know what you are, Zim!

Zim stands on his desk.

Zim: I'm human, yep! Human, human, human! Just look at my neck!

The camera zooms in and freezes on Zim's neck. Green claps. GIR claps too. Zim drops the contact to the ground.

Zim: I was lying! Surely you've heard of the mighty Irken race!

GIR nods.

Green: We don't get that TV no more! I read a lot though.

Blue: How do you explain the dog then, eh? Eh? Humans keep dogs as pets!

Green makes a noise. He stretches the noise out for a long time.

Green: Yeah! The dog, 'splain it!

Zim: This is GIR.

GIR takes a bow.

Zim: He's disguised as a dog, you fools! GIR, cast off your amazing doggy ruse and show them your mighty robot form!

GIR does a dramatic back flip and pulls off the disguise, in serious mode. He then waves and goes into regular mode.

GIR: Hee hoo! Hi there!

Blue: Would you look at that?

Zim: Ya see? Now if you could just-

Blue: What a smart dog! Come here, doggy!

Blue walks towards the tubes. GIR follows, giggling. Blue pats him on the head, then opens the tube. GIR hops inside. Blue shuts it. GIR waves to Zim.

Zim: Oh come on!

Blue: He will make a fine addition to our collection, mmm!

Zim: Could you just maybe drop me off?

Green: Impossible! We've gone past the point of no retuuuuuuuuuurn!

Green claws the air. Zim motions to his house, which is visible through the glass floor.

Zim: But my house is right down there! I could probably just jump onto the roof! Waaait! You're hovering above an Earth neighborhood in plain sight!?!

Blue taps the glass of the tube GIR is in.

Blue: Do you think we're stupid!?! We're using advanced cloaking technology, aren't we? Our ship is disguised and perfectly unnoticeable!

Cut to the outside of the ship. It is disguised as a whale. A neighbor sits in a lawn chair in the yard across the street. His wife stands next to him.

Neighbor: Uhh, look at that! It's one of them Orca whales, yeah...

Cut back to the interior of the ship.

Blue: Eh, but enough philosophy.

Zim: But, we haven't been talking about-

Blue: Let the hideous experiments begin!

Blue pushes a lever on a control panel. A mechanical arm moves along the edge of the railing and then lifts up along the massive rows of tubes. It swivels around and attaches to a tube with a containment device inside labeled 'CANO HUMAN.' The mechanical arm lowers the tube down. Blue sips the Alien Juice and hits himself on the head with a roll of duct tape.

Blue: Gaahah!

The tube lowers down next to Green and the CANO HUMAN opens. Green opens the tube and pulls out the CANO HUMAN.

Green: We will begin by fusing you to another human being!

Green lifts a gopher out of the CANO HUMAN, which then closes. The gopher squeaks and wiggles around.

Zim: That's no human being! That's a gopher!

Blue: Silence! Begin the fusion!

Blue takes the CANO HUMAN from Green and hands Green the duct tape. Green places the gopher on Zim then pulls out some duct tape from the roll and bites it loose. Green then tapes the gopher onto Zim's head.

Blue: Oh, incredible. Incredible work. Success.

Green: Thank you, thank you! Oh, what shall we do next? Oh, let's fuse him with this juice!

Green takes the space juice from Blue.

Blue: No, no, I think we've already proven our mastery of the fusing technology!

Zim turns around.

Green: Oh, the juice! JUICE!

Green shakes the juice around. Zim looks for a way to escape.

Blue: Look, I'm the captain and I'm sick of you always fusing things to my juice!

Blue takes his juice back. Zim notices a hatch in the ship and walks over towards it.

Blue: Ooh, I know! Why don't we test how he reacts to having things shoved through his head!

Blue sips on the juice.

Green: Shoving? No! No, his head's just begging for a juice fusion!

Green makes a strange noise.

Zim tries to fit himself through the hatch, but it is too small for his head to go through.

Blue: The human is escaping!

Zim grunts.

Blue: Stop him!

Zim hops out and pulls the gopher off of his head.

Zim: Run, gopher! Go for help!

Zim pushes the gopher through the hatch. Cut to the ship exterior. The gopher falls through a hole in the bottom of the whale and crashes in Zim's yard with a squeak.

Neighbor: Uh, well now, look at that!

Wife: Hmm..

Blue and Green loom over Zim. Zim points up. The aliens look up. When they look back down, Zim is gone. They look back up, then back down. They do this a final time, then look behind themselves and see Zim leave the room, a metal door closing behind him.

Blue: Oh, another escape! Is it just me? Is it me!?! Huh!?!

Zim runs down a hallway where those tubes are stacked up. Zim climbs a ladder. The massive room is lined with tubes. Several tubes move along tracks on the ceiling. Zim reaches the top of the ladder which leads to a catwalk. Zim runs along the catwalk and then runs along several other catwalks. A machine sending sparks of electricity casts flickering shadows. The shadows of the aliens appear on the wall. Zim runs along the wall and passes a door. He walks back to the door and presses a button next to it. The door opens and Zim walks inside. It closes behind him. The alien's shadows flicker by again. The next room has even more tubes.

Zim: There must be some way off this stupid thing.

Blob (voice only): Hello? Over here!

Cut to a snack room on the ship. Elevator music plays. Two juice dispensers are on the wall. The aliens search for Zim. Blue opens a cupboard while Green looks inside an empty cup.

Blue: We shouldn't of fused him! We made him twice as powerful! Twice as deadly!

Green sets the cup down.

Green: I'm telling you, that juice would've slowed him down but good!

Cut to the tube room. Zim walks through rows of tubes until he sees one tube with a blob creature inside. The blob has various items tapped to its head. Zim approaches the rube with the blob in it.

Zim: Hey, what are you?

Blob: I don't even know anymore! They fused me so many times! Everyone else they kidnap escapes but I'm so heavy now, so disgusting! What's this thing!?!

The blob points to the head of a creature that looks like GIR's moose squeak toy that is tapped to the Blob's head. Zim pounds the glass.

Zim: How do they get away!?!

The blob points to an air duct.

Blob: That duct up there leads to the emergency escape ships! If only I had an arm-

Zim's robotic spider legs extend from his Irken Utility Pack and attach to the ceiling, pulling him up.

Blob: -or a leg or maybe... yes! Someone to help me get there!

Zim crawls along the ceiling and opens the grill to the vent and crawls inside.

Blob: Would you please help me? Hello? Hello!?!

The grill falls to the ground. The blob starts crying. A mechanical arm attaches to the tube with the blob in it and lifts it into the air. Inside the vents, Zim peers through another grill then crawls deeper into the vents. Zim looks through a grill on the floor and sees the aliens in the snack room. Blue holds a plate and Green looks at the cup.

Blue: And what if the juice had made him more powerful, did you ever think of that?

Green: Whoa, whoa, wait!

Blue sniffs the air.

Green: Are we talking about the same juice, hmm?

Blue sniffs his armpits.

Blue: Yeah. When's the last time you cleaned yourself?

Green: Define 'self.'

Cut to the next room. Zim opens the grill to the vents and clings to it. It falls to the ground along with Zim. Zim gets up and glances around, then walks over to the hatch of the escape pod. He pulls off a padlock which isn't closed then pulls on the handle ring of the hatch. The hatch starts to open and Zim uses a mechanical spider leg to open it all the way. Zim looks inside and sees his house through a window on the floor to the pod. Zim's communicator extends from his Irken Utility Pack and projects an image of GIR.

Zim: GIR! Come to Zim!

Cut to GIR. GIR opens the tube he is in and walks out. He presses the button to the door and it opens, leading him to the snack room. Green sniffs his armpit. The aliens look up and watch as GIR walks past them with the juice, sipping it.

Blue: Ooh! Now look at that! The other one's getting away!

Green: Ok, look at him go!

GIR opens the door to the escape pod room and salutes Zim, in serious mode. Zim grabs GIR and throws him into the pod. The aliens take a step toward Zim and claw the air, making half-hearted menacing groans. Zim gets into the pod and closes the hatch, then tightens the handle ring. The handle ring retracts into the hatch and the pod roars to life and lights up. GIR sits on the window looking at the house. Zim hops onto the seat. and several safety bars go over him. A view screen lowers from the ceiling that shows the second until launch beeps as it counts down.

Zim: Hold onto something, GIR!

The clips of the ship holding the pod on the ship unclip. GIR flies into the ceiling along with the juice. The pod falls from the whale and lands in Zim's yard. Zim opens the hatch and hops out. GIR follows. GIR walks to the house sipping the juice. Zim follows. The neighbor holds an ice cream cone.

Neighbor: Uhh... hmmm...

His wife sucks on the ice cream. The aliens look down on Zim's house through the hole where the escape pod was.

Blue: Gaah! I thought I told you to lock the escape ship room!

Green: Oh, just 'cause I didn't lock it is's my fault it was unlocked, is that what you're trying to say?

Blue: That's what I'm saying, yes!

Green: Fine, fine!

Green opens the door.

Green: If it makes you feel better to pretend I'm stupid... duuuuuuuuhhhhh...

Green picks up the grill and several pieces of metal.

Green: ...then go ahead! I'm gonna fuse these other humans to the blob thing!

Blue: Fine, you do that! I'm setting coordinates for the next Earthling specimen... The Earth weasel!

Blue hits a button on a computer which says 'Today's specimen: Human' on the monitor. It changes to 'Today's specimen: Weasel.' The door to the snack room closes. Cut to the transmission room of Zim's lab. The Tallest are on the transmission screen again.

Zim: Sorry, my Tallest. I may have found a species even dumber than the humans.

Purple: Were they... tall?

Cut to Dib's house. Dib and Gaz stand outside in front of the door. The ship flies over it, disguised as a giant baby. A shadow covers the house. A beam of green light envelopes Dib. Dib disappears. Gaz stands there for a few seconds then walks away.

Mysterious Mysteries plays on Dib's TV. Footage of a fork tied to a piece of string hangs in the air plays behind the Mysterious Mysteries anchor. A question mark spins into view.

Anchor: In the end, even Mysterious Mysteries doesn't know what or who is haunting this fork. Maybe it's this guy!

The footage of the fork is replaced by a folder (with case file 0067) that spins into view with a picture of a crazy miner guy paper-clipped to the front of it.

Anchor: The truth... is a mystery!

The word 'mystery' appears over the footage. Dib sits on his couch with a notepad, binoculars, Chinese food, and Poop Cola.

Dib: Wow... What if it IS that guy?

Dib writes something on the notepad. The Mysteries Mysteries logo opening with the magnifying glass plays.

Anchor: Next on Mysterious Mysteries, the mysterious, the horrible, Chickenfoot!

Chickenfoot's case file folder appears. It has a picture of a man in a Mr. Chicky Licky suit paper-clipped to the front and has the words 'CHICKENFOOT case file -0715' written on it. Footage of Chickenfoot starts to play. A man in a Mr. Chicky Licky costume pecks the ground in the alley behind the Chicky Licky restaurant. Chickenfoot digs around in the dumpster, rummaging through the trash.

Dib: Wait, that looks like a guy in a Mr. Chicky Licky suit!

Dib picks up his binoculars and looks at the TV screen. He can clearly see the zipper to the costume.

Dib: You can see the zipper!

Chickenfoot pulls out a chicken squeeze toy from the dumpster and squeezes it several times. Maria opens the back door to the Chicky Licky restaurant and sees Chickenfoot. Chickenfoot clucks in terror and runs as Maria screams. Chickenfoot runs into the fence, getting up close to the camera that was recording him. The footage freezes on the close up on Chickenfoot. You can clearly see the man's face inside the costume.

Dib: That IS a guy in a Mr. Chicky Licky suit! What kind of idiots do they think we are!?!

The door to Dib's house opens and many hover screens enter. The first one displays Prof. Membrane and the ones behind him display world leaders. The Prof. Membrane's hover screen hovers in the doorway while the world leaders look around the house.

Prof. Membrane: Hello, son! I'm giving these world leaders a tour of our home!

The world leaders "ooh" and "ahh" as they look around. Dib eats his Chinese food. A Japanese world leader hovers next to Dib.

Japanese world leader: Who is the big-headed boy?

Prof. Membrane: This is my son, Dib, the future of the Membrane empire!

The rest of the world leaders hover around Dib.

Dib: Actually, I'm a paranormal investigator!

Dib takes a bite of his Chinese food.

Prof. Membrane: He's a bit insane at the moment, but he'll get over it.

Dib: Dad, paranormal investigation is a legitimate field of study!

An image of Bill appears on the screen over the footage of Chickenfoot. It is labeled 'Paranormal Investigator: "Bill"'

Anchor (voice over): We asked a legitimate paranormal investigator what he had to say about Chickenfoot.

Bill: Chickenfoot is not a real chicken.

The footage background disappears to show Bill standing in front of Chicky Licky holding a bucket of food.

Bill: He's a space chicken... from a planet where pig demons rule!

Bill pulls out a piece of chicken and bites a chunk out of it. The word 'MUTE' appears on screen as Dib presses the mute button of the remote control. Awkward silence fills the room.

Japanese world leader: Paranormal investigator? Your son believes these things? Are the rest of the people in your country crazy like this boy?

The Japanese world leader laughs. The other world leaders join in except for the Russian world leader.

Prof. Membrane: We'll discuss this later!

Prof. Membrane hovers away.

Dib: But I don't believe in Chickenfoot!

The world leaders hover away one by one, still laughing. Dib throws his Chinese food.

Dib: Mysterious Mysteries is getting desperate for ratings! This Chickenfoot story is undermining everything that serious paranormal studies stand for! That I stand for! It must be stopped!

Dib hops up onto the top of the couch with he remote. Mysterious Mysteries shows Maria waving her arms around like a chicken in the Mysterious Mysteries studio. Dib presses several buttons on the remote, then looses his balance and falls off the couch. He hits his head and grunts. The remote breaks and the TV goes into static. Cut to Chicky Licky. Dib walks through the wet street in front of Chicky Licky and stops in a puddle. Cut to the interior of Chicky Licky. A hobo stands at the service window with his tray that has a bucket of food on it. Behind the service window are Maria and Eric.

Hobo: I want my slaw!

The hobo pushes his tray towards the service window.

Eric: You have your slaw, sir!

Hobo: I want my slaw!

Dib walks in and approaches the service window and stands next to the hobo.

Eric: You have your slaw, sir!

Hobo: I want my slaw!

Eric: You have your slaw, sir!

Hobo: I want my slaw!

Maria: What kinda chicken you want, mister?

Eric: You have your slaw, sir!

Hobo: I want my slaw!

Dib: Actually, I want some information about Chickenfoot.

Eric (in background as Dib talks): You have your slaw, sir!

Hobo (in background as Dib talks): I want my slaw!

The restaurant goes silent. A baby cries, so the babies mother sticks a piece of chicken in that baby's mouth and the baby sucks on it. The hobo backs away, as do Maria and Eric. Maria approaches the service window again.

Maria: Don't say that name 'round here! He is the demon beast! We've lost three chicken cookers since he come around!

Dib: Chickenfoot ate them?

Maria: No, they got better jobs... But I hate that chicken beast! Get out!

Maria climbs onto the counter.

Maria: Get out now! Before you get a better job too!

Maria pounds the glass. Eric rushes to her side and grabs her shoulders to calm her.

Eric: Maria, don't make a scene!

Eric directs his attention to Dib. Maria cries.

Eric: Young man!

Eric pushes out a drawer full of chicken to Dib. A dirty chicken toy is among the piles of chicken.

Eric: Perhaps you should try a Mr. Chicky meal! Are you thirsty for chicken?

Dib reaches for the chicken, then pulls his hand back with a grunt.

Dib: Don't try to throw me off track!

Eric: No, no! The Chicky meal! It comes with a dirty chicken toy! The head comes off and can be used like a little grappling hook!

Dib picks up the dirty chicken toy and presses a button on it. It's head pops off and hits the floor, connected to a string. Dib presses a button on it and the string retracts.

Dib: That's... a weird thing for a chicken to do!

Eric holds another dirty chicken toy.

Eric: That dirty chicken has a seeecret!

Eric motions for Dib to follow. Cut to the meat locker. The door opens and Dib walks inside holding a piece of chicken. Eric feels the wall, his hand moving over the emergency axe. His hand moves further down and hits the light switch. A light bulb flickers on. Dib takes a bite of the chicken. A shark jaw hangs over the meat shelves. Dib motions toward the shark jaw. Eric motions for Dib to be quite then motions Dib to come over. Eric shuts the meat locker door.

Dib: Okay, what's the secret of Chickenfoot?

Eric: Ask... the dirty chicken!

Eric holds the dirty chicken toy in front of Dib and squeezes it several times, making it squeak.

Dib: What is the secret... um, dirty... chicken?

Eric continues to squeeze the dirty chicken.

Dib: Quit it, quit it, quit that.

Eric: Chickenfoot is a mass of chicken evil!

The light flashes. Eric squeezes the dirty chicken some more.

Eric: He has come back to avenge the souls of all his chicken brothers!

The light flashes and continues to flash. Eric twirls around.

Eric: Ooooohooooh!

Eric waves the dirty chicken around, squeezing it.

Dib: Oh come on, it's a guy in a chicken suit! Don't you have any hard facts?

Dib grabs the dirty chicken.

Dib: I want hard facts!

Eric hides behind a barrel of lard.

Eric: Don't hurt me! They say Chickenfoot lives in an apartment building on third street.

Eric grabs a chicken carcass from the meat shelf and waves it around.

Eric: Ooooohooooh!

Dib stands on a ladder and rubs the light bulb with a piece of cloth.

Dib: The mass of chicken-y evil has an apartment?

The light bulb burns out, sending Dib flying. Cut to the Sweaty Pits apartment complex. Dib stands outside reading a list of the people who live there.

Dib: Govern, Rodriguez, Trueheart, Smacky... No Chickenfoot! The old man lied to me!

A man in a trenchcoat that covers the bottom half of his face walks by making a gobble noise as he walks past Dib, knocking into him.

Turkeyneck: Excuse me.

Turkeyneck walks inside and starts climbing up the stairs. Dib looks at the ground and sees some feathers he left behind.

Dib: Hey...

Dib runs inside.

Dib: Wait!

Dib runs up the stairs. Dib reaches the top of the stairs and slides across the floor. He looks down the hall but doesn't see Turkeyneck. He turns around and sees him and starts running towards him.

Dib: Stop! Stop!

Turkeyneck looks behind him and starts running. They run past a woman eating a meal at a table set up in her doorway. A cockroaches scurries along the pipe lines. Dib trips over a rat and grunts. He gets up and continues the pursuit but comes to an intersection and Turkeyneck is nowhere in sight. Dib looks around and sees a trail of feathers leading up to a door. Dib runs towards the door the leaps into the door and kicks the door. The door bursts open.

Dib: Give up, Chicken-

The door bounces back and hits Dib in the face. Dib grunts. Dib pushes the door open.

Dib: Give up, Chickenfoot! I've got you!

Turkeyneck approaches him.

Turkeyneck: Wait... You wants Chickenfoot! Ho ho, see. I'm Turkeyneck!

Turkeyneck pulls open his trenchcoat, revealing a lot of neck flab and multiple chins. Feathers fly out.

Turkeyneck: Chickenfoot's two doors down!

Dib: Why did you run from me?

Turkeyneck: I thought you were one a those darn kids after me lucky neck meats!

Turkeyneck holds up his neck flab and shakes it around, causing feathers to fly out.

Turkeyneck: They're always after me neck meats! Dontcha know?

Turkeyneck smacks his lips.

Turkeyneck: Ya see me neck meats? They're lucky!

Turkeyneck shakes his head making his neck meats flab around, also making a gobble noise. Dib slowly backs away, his tongue hanging from his mouth. Dib opens the door to the apartment two doors down. He walks inside. There are feathers on the ground.

Dib: Chickenfoot?

There is trash all over the place. There is a TV and a chicken coup. A mattress lies on the floor with sheets and a pillow on it. Chickens swarm out from around the corner, bawking. Dib groans as they go past him. Dib falls to the ground.

Dib: Chickenfoot!

Chickenfoot sits in the chicken coup.

Chickenfoot: Eh? Go away!

Chickenfoot shields his face with his arms and turns around.

Chickenfoot: Don't look at me!

Dib: I just wanna talk!

Chickenfoot: Don't look at my face! My horrible face!

Dib picks up an old piece of chicken from a bucket of chicken lying on the ground.

Dib: What happened to you?

Chickenfoot: It's a sad, sad, revolting tale!

A flashback begins. Chickenfoot holds up a sign that says 'Thirsty for chicken' while standing outside the Chicky Licky restaurant.

Chickenfoot (voice over): I was once a man, just like you. I worked in a chicken restaurant, just like you.

Dib (voice over): I don't work in a chicken restaurant.

Chickenfoot (voice over): DON'T LOOK AT ME!!!

Chickenfoot sets down the sign that says 'thirsty for chicken.'

Dib (voice over): I wasn't! Oh... just go on!

Chickenfoot (voice over): My name is... was... Chuy Rodriguez.

Chuy walks down the sidewalk. He plucks a flower from the sidewalk and sniff it. Cut to Chuy reading the newspaper under a tree.

Chuy (voice over): I lived...

Cut to an image of Chuy hugging Eric and Maria.

Chuy (voice over): I laughed...

Cut to Chuy picking up a dog and hugging it.

Chuy (voice over): I loved!

Chuy moans. The flashback ends. Chuy hops out of the chicken coup.

Chuy: But one fateful day, my destiny collided with a defective microwave oven... of doom!

The flashback starts up again in the back of the Chicky Licky restaurant. Maria holds a tray of dirty dishes. There is a container of French fries in the tray. Eric scoops the French fries into his mouth.

Maria: Potatoes are bad!

Eric: These potatoes are great!

Maria: Potatoes are bad!

Eric: These potatoes are wonderful!

Maria: The potatoes are nasty and bad!

Eric: These potatoes are the best potatoes in the world!

Eric and Maria start yanking on opposite ends of the tray. Chuy walks in.

Maria: They are not they're bad nasty bad potatoes!

Chuy grabs a plate full of chicken resting on the counter and puts it in the microwave. Eric puts fries in his mouth in slow motion.

Maria (slow motion): Nooo!!

Chuy shuts the microwave and sets it for 3 minutes then presses start. Maria and Eric continue to pull back and forth. Eric lets go and Maria rolls onto the ground, sending the container flying into the air.

Maria (slow motion): Nooo!!

The container hits the microwave, getting it all wet. Electricity starts to shoot from the microwave. Chuy screams. The microwave causes an explosion (you see Bloody GIR in there, but it'll be hard). Chuy walks out of the Chicky Licky restaurant into the parking lot.

Chuy (voice over): I survived, but the accident had caused an unholy fusion of man and chicken! And now...

Chuy falls against a car the looks at his reflection in the car window. He sees himself wearing the chicken suit and screams.

Chuy (voice over): I must survive on the fringes of society!

The flashback ends.

Chuy: Neither man nor chicken! Something in-between! A... a chicken-y man!

Dib: The explosion probably just stuck the zipper! I could pull it loose!

Dib reaches for the zipper of the suit. Chuy turns away.

Chuy: You speak madness, boy! Everyday that goes by, I become more grotesque!

Dib: That's because you don't bath!

Dib puts a hand over his nose.

Chuy: I can't even leave the apartment anymore!

Chuy walks over to the window seal wear chicken meal toys rest.

Chuy: Now the chicken meal toys are my only friends!

Chuy hugs the chicken meal toys.

Chuy: My one regret is I never got the dirty chicken toy.

Dib: Wait, you mean this?

Dib pulls the dirty chicken toy from his pocket.

Chuy: Ah! Ah! Gi... Give me that!

Chuy drops the chicken meal toys. Chuy lunges for it. Dib moves it out of the way and Chuy lands on the floor.

Chuy: Give me thaaaooo!

Dib: Hold on! Only if you promise to come to the hospital with me! I think I can put an end to this once and for all!

Cut to the hospital. Chuy sits on a medical bench quivering and grunting, holding the dirty chicken toy. Dib looks in from outside the examination room. He is on the phone attached to the wall.

Dib: Yes, send a news crew right away! I have the real Chickenfoot story!

A doctor stands next to Chuy. A hover screen hovers next to her displaying an x-ray of Chuy Rodriquez showing his skeleton inside the costume. The doctor taps her pointer in her hands.

Doctor: Ooh, let's go over it again. Okay.

The doctor points to the x-ray on the hover screen with her pointer.

Doctor: Here's the chicken head. Here's your head inside looking out the mask.

Dib walks up behind Chuy.

Doctor: See? Right there. Okay.

Dib: Ya see Chuy? It's just a costume. Let us take it off before you make a total mockery of paranormal studies!

Chuy: No, it's not true! It's impossible!

Chuy lies on his stomach hiding his head in his hands.

Doctor: Wu- we can just unzip the back.

The doctor grabs the zipper and starts to pull on it. Chuy looks up. Chuy knocks the doctor over.

Chuy: No!! You taunt me! I'm a freaks!

Chuy rolls off of the medical bench. Chuy makes a run for it.

Chuy: I'll always be a freak!

Chuy screams as he runs out of the examination room door.

Dib: It's really hard to wanna chase somebody who smells that bad.

Chuy runs down the hospital hallways screaming and making chicken noises. He looks behind him and when he looks in front of him again, a nurse is pushing a burn victim on a gurney in an intersection right in front of Chuy. Chuy collides with the gurney and knocks it over. Chuy drops the dirty chicken and runs into an old woman in a wheel chair, knocking her over. Dib kneels down and picks up the dirty chicken.

Dib: Chickenfoot! Come back! You're not a freak! You're just stupid!

Dib runs out of the hospital. He sees Chuy in the parking lot pecking at the ground and hoping around. Chuy runs into a truck causing one of the eyes of the costume to pop out. He gets up and sees his reflection on the plating of the truck and screams again. Chuy runs back to the hospital. Dib unhooks the beak of the dirty chicken which pulls out onto a string. Dib tosses it and it hooks on Chuy's zipper. Dib pulls on it but can't hold back Chuy. Chuy drags Dib along as he runs into the hospital. Chuy runs through a door and rolls through another door. The door shuts before Dib gets through so Dib smacks up against the door. The news crew is in the room Chuy runs into. Chuy keeps on running but since the dirty chicken is on the other side of the door, he can't get anywhere.

News crew guy: Uh, eh, Chickenfoot!

The zipper unzips and Chuy runs out of the suit, tripping on it and falling to the ground while screaming in slow motion. The news crew all jabber at once.

Reporter: Chickenfoot? Chickenfoot, over here sir! Over here!

WHUH 6 reporter: Chickenfoot rocks!

Chuy: The curse is lifted! Thank you!

Dib walks in.

Dib: It was just a costume!

Reporter: Chickenfoot was a fraud all along!?!

Dib: This just proves that paranormal studies isn't a bunch of crazies believing in anything! We also disprove the frauds!

Reporter: I bet this means bigfoot is a fraud too!

WHUH 6 reporter: And UFOs!

Reporter: And hobos!

Dib: No wait! Those are real! Except the hobos. Wait, no. They're real. I... I guess. But- what's wrong with you people!?!

Cut to Mysterious Mysteries playing on Dib's TV. The anchor sits at a desk while a picture of Chuy Rodriguez with and without his Mr. Chicky Licky costume in the corner.

Anchor: And so, the legendary Chickenfoot has been exposed as a fake, calling into question all other monster sightings.

Dib shuts off the TV.

Dib: Well, that didn't turn out like I planned, but at least it's finally over.

Dib puts his arms behind his head.

Dib: Mmmmyep.

Cut to the Krazy Taco restaurant. The Krazy Taco man walks out of the parking lot and rushes up to the Krazy Taco door and stands there for a second. He rushes inside and can be heard pressing buttons on the microwave. Light pours out of the Krazy Taco door.

Krazy Taco man: Nooooo ho ho hooo!!! Oh ho ho hooo. Oh, I'm a taco!


It's dusk at a cow-filled field in front of a farmhouse and barn. There are cows grazing and mooing. They look up suddenly as a shadow zooms above them, stopping above a lone cow. The Voot Cruiser hovers above the cow. The Voot Cruiser lowers a little. A hatch opens and emits a tractor beam, which envelopes one of the cows. who looks up. Several cows back away as the cow is lifted upwards along with blades of grass and leaves. A silhouette of GIR is seen in the open hatch, with only his eyes visible. He jumps down the tractor beam attached to a bungee cord, coming to a stop right in front of where the cow is hovering. He turns to face the cow and waves.

GIR: HI, COWW!!!

GIR's head slides open and he pulls out a sombrero. He puts it on the cow's head, turns around, and starts shaking his rear as a high-pitched version of the carne theme at the end of "Walk of Doom" plays in the background.

Zim (from inside the Voot Cruiser): GIR! Get in here!

GIR: (waves) Bye, cow!

He is yanked back up again on the bungee cord. The tractor beam disappears, and the cow falls down, mooing. Cut to inside the Voot Cruiser. Zim is at the controls, as GIR rises on a platform behind him. The seat of the Voot Cruiser slides away, so GIR is visible in the back of the ship, and the hatch closes behind him.

Zim: No playing with the dirty cow monsters, GIR! This is serious work we do!

GIR: Oooooh… (He pops up next to Zim.)

Zim: We’ll switch. You man the tractor beam, I’ll pump the cows full of human sewage.

GIR leans in closer to Zim.

GIR (Whispering): Cows are my frieeeeends…

Zim: …I don’t like you. The controls, GIR.

GIR (Waving his arms): WHEEEEOO!!

GIR mans the control panel and presses some buttons. Zim straps a green canister onto his back with a note on the back saying "Caution: Dooky!". He arms himself with a projectile device hooked-up to the canister and puts on his goggles. The inner covering of the hatch disappears as Zim lowers down his tractor beam.

Zim: As soon as I’ve tainted the humans meat supply with filth, they will be ripe for conquest. Soon the name of Invader Zim will be synonymous with DOOKIE!! GIR! Bring me cooow…

GIR (Switches to duty mode and salutes.): Yes, sir! (Switches back to normal mode.) I like dooky!

Zim: Sometimes I’m afraid to find out what’s going on inside (Cut to GIR's point of view. Zim's voice is metallic and robot-like. Also, the entire sequence is depicted by a view screen.) that insane head of yours.

In GIR's POV, the cows morph into weenies, with top hats and dinner jackets, who start dancing.

Dapper Weenies: Dance with us, GIR! Dance with us into oblivion!

GIR smiles and presses a button on the control panel. A pink, waving tractor beam comes out of another hatch in the Voot Cruiser. It picks up a cow, and sends it flying into the air, moo-screaming.

Zim: GIR! What are you doing?

GIR: WEENIES!! WEENIEEES!! Play with the weenies, da da na na naaa…

GIR presses more random buttons with his tongue sticking out and his eyes shut. The tractor beam picks up another cow, and holds it in the air for a while, before sending it flying into the barn. A light turns on in the farmhouse next to the barn.

Zim: Stop! You’ll blow our ingenious cover!

The tractor beam raises a cow into the air, coming dangerously close to where Zim is hovering. Zim turns around and attempts to stop GIR from causing any more havoc. However, the tractor beam swings the cow upward and slams it into Zim, smashing him against the bottom of their Voot Cruiser as dookie is shown flying everywhere.

Cut to Zim and GIR in the Voot Cruiser. Zim is covered in human sewage with GIR next to him humming, occasionally bursting out in giggles. There is the sound of flies buzzing in the background.

Cut to Zim's base. The satellite dish unfolds and the top of the house opens up to let the Voot Cruiser in. Cut to an underground area of Zim's lab. The interior is riddled with small, round objects covering the walls and attached by crossing lines - hologram projectors. Zim and Gir walk towards the center of the room.

Zim: It’s time we did something about your behavioral glitches, GIR.

A small platform rises from the ground, and Zim starts working the controls.

GIR: Doo dee doo dee dooooo... WAFFLES!!

Zim removes a small handheld device out of the platform.

Zim: I’m going to attempt to lock you into Duty Mode with this behavioral modulator.

GIR's head rotates on his neck. GIR giggles.

Zim: What?

GIR: …Doody.

Zim turns back to the platform and presses another button. The hologram projectors activate and the room transforms into a scene outside. A hologram of Dib wavers in and appears, holding a large spiked club

Dib Hologram: I will make YOUUU suffer LARGE, alien!

Zim: GIR! Attack!

GIR goes into Duty Mode and salutes

GIR: Yes, sir!

Zim turns the knob on the behavioral modulator up a notch. The camera switches to GIR's POV. The words "Target: Big-headed Boy - Destroy" appear on the screen next to Dib's head. GIR runs toward him, and the words "Target Acquired" appear next to Dib. However, GIR's view veers off at the last minute and focuses on an empty can of Poop Cola. The words "Target: Poop Can" appear on the screen next to the empty can. Switch out of GIR's POV. GIR switches into normal mode and runs toward the empty can, as the hologram Dib swings the club and misses. GIR picks up the can and starts bashing it against his head while giggling. GIR puts the can in his mouth.

Zim: No more distractions, GIR! Attack the human!

Zim pulls out GIR's behavioral modulator and turns the knob up a few notches.

Zim: ...this time on a dangerously HIGH setting!

GIR turns around and spits out the can, going into Duty Mode and saluting.

GIR: Yes, sir!

GIR runs toward Dib in an action shot. He jumps, and lands a few feet away from Dib. He moves his hands in front of him in a karate-like style. He stands up straight and he goes back to normal mode.

GIR: Doo dee doo dee doo dee doo dee doo dee doo dee dooooo!

Zim: Attack!

Zim turns the behavioral modulator up a notch. GIR goes into Duty-Mode and salutes.

GIR: Yes, sir!

Zim turns the behavioral modulator up yet another notch.

GIR (In a more malicious tone): Doo dee doo dee doo dee doo dee doo dee doo dee dooooo!

GIR stops and his eyes glow. He turns to Zim, salutes, and stares at Dib. Switch to GIR's POV. The words "TARGET: BIG HEAD BOY" and "HOLOGRAM" quickly appear on screen. The words "NO THREAT" flash repeatedly on the screen.

GIR: Sir, target is a hologram and therefore not a threat to our mission!

Zim: And what IS our mission, GIR?

GIR: Blend in with the indigenous life, analyze their weaknesses, and prepare the planet for the coming badness. (puts hand behind back) Yay!

Zim: Yes, yes… Yes! With you fully functional and by my side, we shall rule this world sooner than without you by my side…not being funny… ahh, let’s get outta here.

The holographic background disappears and the room is now visible again. Zim heads for the door. GIR stares after him with his eyes narrowed. Soon, his left eyes twitches.

Cut to the living room. GIR and Zim walk in from the kitchen. There is a police siren in the background.

Zim: You are now the evil henchman I so rightly deserved all along, GIR. An assistant worthy of me. I AM ZIM!!!! Now, with your amazing new programming, investigate that sound!

GIR: Sir, it is merely a police siren—

Zim: Do as I say!

GIR: Yes, sir!

GIR runs towards the door.

GIR: Opening door!

GIR rips the door off of the hinges.

GIR: Running! Runninggg!

GIR runs out of the house. A few seconds later, a police car crashes through the front of Zim's house and lands in his living room. The siren sounds once more and then is silent. GIR's fist smashes through the windshield and he throws out the policeman, tied up in his seatbelt.

Zim: GIR! What have you done? This isn’t information retrieval! Are you insane?

The police officer simply grunts. GIR now stands on the hood of the car.

GIR: I have captured the enemy for meat testing! Praise me! PRAISE ME!!!

The police officer stirs and groans.

Officer: All my bones… jammed up into my neck!

The police officer opens his eyes and sees Zim next to him.

Officer: Huh…? Aliens?!

Zim: Great. Now I have to wipe his brain to make him forget all he's seeeeen!

Zim reaches down to grab the officer. Cut to the inside of Zim's lab. Zim and GIR are standing over the policeman, who is strapped onto an operating table with two tubes attached to his head. Zim is elevated on his mecanical spider legs. Zim sighs.

Zim: This memory transplant will take hours! I planned on spending this afternoon experimenting on the happiness centers of that Earth child’s brain…

A little boy with a shirt that says "Nick" is inside a containment tube. He has a huge plastered-on grin.

Nick: I’m so happy! All the time! Just great!

The officer gasps and lifts his head. He flips open his wallet, and a roll of pictures comes out. The first is of a house with a police car in front. The second is of the policeman hugging Samichy and a girl, grinning. The third is of another daughter wearing a police helmet and standing in front of a police lineup. The fourth is of a huge attack dog with a muzzle and a fuzzy cat next to a kennel with "Fido" written on it. Finally, the fifth is of a toilet.

Officer: Please! I have a house, and children, and pets, and a toilet… and toilet children…

Zim: Make silence now, human!

Zim sticks a tube into the officer's mouth and begins pushing it down his throat.

GIR: With all due respect, you must know the SIR Unit code enables free will in the event that the mission is threatened. This Police human was a threat.

Zim: You dare tell me what I already know!

GIR: Didja know that?

Zim: Of course I… nngh… your legs are stupid!!

With his spider legs, Zim walks over to a containment tube with a squid inside it and presses a button. A compartment on the tube opens and Zim removes the squid from it. Zim carries the squid over to the officer. GIR looks at Zim. Switch to GIR's POV.

Zim: Go upstairs and… um, monitor Earth broadcasts until I think of something better for you to do! That’s a good GIR.

The words "Zim" appear next to Zim's head and "Human" appears next to the officer. They disappear and the words "Analysing Intelligence: Questionable" appear. They disappear, and the words "Order: Counter-productive" appear. They disappear, and the words "Zim = Commander?" appear. GIR's eyes glow and his left one twitches.

Zim: GIR?

GIR: Right away… S-Sir…

GIR leaves. Zim puts the squid down on a small table-like structure, and a lid snaps over it. The officer looks at the squid in fear. Cut to the living room. GIR is watching TV with his eyes narrowed. Other smaller TVs are attached to the main one.

GIR: Observing… observing… observing…

Various stupid shows play on the screen. The Krazy Taco song can be heard as well.

Mr. Elliot (Playing a waiter on a TV commercial.): Do you suffer from intestinal itching?

A man raises his hand.

Man: I do!

GIR: Television is stupid. The master is not utilizing me properly! I will show my "Master" how information collecting is done!

GIR turns and looks out the window. Switch to GIR's POV. He uses the same guidance technology used in "Walk of Doom" to locate various buildings in the city. He finds three buildings. Two of them have the word "Negative" above them. The last one, a library, has the words "Target Acquired" above it.

GIR: An information center... Excellent.

GIR hops off of the couch and runs into the kitchen. He reappears with a large data canister strapped to his back. GIR exits through the doorway, which is still missing the door from when he ripped it off earlier. The police car is still in Zim's living room as well. Cut to the library. It's very futuristic looking and advanced. A teenager with a hideous overbite puts some discs down on the counter. A scanner shines a red light in his eyes.

Robot Scanner: Retinal Scan...

A red spotlight appears over the teenager from above.

Robot Scanner: Rejected!

A circular device hovers around the boy's feet. It rises up and creates a red barrier around him. He glances around nervously.

Librarian: I’m sorry, you have two discs overdue. We'll have to confiscate your retinas!

The librarian giggles. There is a loud smashing sound and huge dents appear on the metal library door. The doors are flung away and GIR emerges as a silhouette, with only his eyes and the data canister visible, floating in the air. Whip-like wires extend from the top of the canister, flailing about wildly, and electricity sparks madly at the very top of his metallic device.

GIR: I require access to all human knowledge!!!

Librarian: Hm… hmmm…

The librarian grips her head and groans.

Librarian: That would be under reference!

GIR: Not acceptable, Library-drone!

The wires shoot forward and the librarian ducks, screaming, as they head toward her. Cut to the lab. Zim (in human disguise) is standing above the officer, who is still lying on the operating table. Zim pulls a tube out of the policeman's mouth, and he sits up straight. Now with a squid brain inside his head, the officer become Officer Squidman.

Squidman: My tentacles!! Where are my tentacles?!

Zim: Don’t worry, officer. You are in a filthy earth brain hospital. Your feelings are normal. There’s a squid brain in your head!

The communicator attached to Squidman's arm crackles.

Police Dispatcher: Calling unit twelve! Unit twelve!

Squidman clenches his teeth and grunts and makes a high pitched noise, his eyes now shut. He screams and looks confused.

Squidman: Something’s wrong! My ink!! Why can’t I shoot ink anymore?? What kind of squid can’t shoot ink?!

He screams.

Squidman: Squid!!

Police Dispatcher: Situation at the public library. Flying metal child draining the brains of citizens. Respond immediately!

Zim: Oh, it’s GIR! I've got to stop him before he ruins everything. That horrible robot!

Zim walks off. The Policeman falls off the table, and starts wiggling along the ground after Zim.

Squidman: Please! Just take me back to the sea!

Cut to the library. The ruined police car pulls up. One of the hubcaps falls off. Squidman runs into the library with dilated yellow eyes. He screams, clutches his head, jumps onto a nearby door, and then starts sucking on the window. Zim soon enters, wearing Squidman's hat.

Zim: Relax, humans! The police are... ewww!!

GIR is floating in mid air, still strapped to the data canister. The wires are extended and attached to the heads of humans, keeping them hovering in the air. A huge blue aura surrounds GIR and the canister. There are also wires stuck in the disc sockets of some of the computers lining the walls. One of the wires whips back and inserts a disc into a slot in the canister. A human jerks his head back and forth on the wire. A few flashes of pictures from the information in the discs appear. Another disc is inserted into the slot, and more pictures and diagrams flash by. Another disc is inserted, and yet more flash by. Slow zoom in on GIR, with more diagrams and pictures appearing around him.

GIR: The knowledge… it fills me… it is neat!

Zim: GIR! You’ve drained enough humans today!

GIR: Data canister is not yet full!

Zim: I command you to get outta here before we’re noticed… some more.

One of the wires reaches down and snatches the Behavioral Modulator out of Zim's hand.

Zim: Hey, quit it!

GIR's head slides open and the wire places the Modulator inside.

GIR: You are no commander! You are a threat to the mission! Your methods are stupid! Your progress has been stupid! Your intelligence is stupid! For the sake of the mission, you must be terminated!

GIR's eyes glow.

Zim: You dare speak to your master in such—

One of the wires shoots out and hits Zim, knocking him over. Zim looks up at Squidman.

Zim: Squidman! Assist me!!

Squidman jumps down off a nearby wall, clenching his fists, while grunting and creating a high-pitched noise.

Squidman: Uhh… ink… not working! All that comes out is… you don’t wanna know what comes out…

Zim stands up. GIR's eyes glow, and Zim jumps out of the way as Gir shoots a laser beam at him from his eyes. GIR continues to fire more beams, making large holes in the floor. He shoots out the ground from underneath Zim, and Zim falls down to the lower floor.

Zim: GIR! Listen to me! We have to get out of here! You’re malfunctioning!

GIR peers down through the hole.

GIR: Stupidity is the enemy! Zim is enemy!

GIR's eyes glow. Zim screams, and he scrambles out of the way as GIR shoots a laser beam at him. Zim runs away. GIR lowers himself down into the hole to chase after Zim. Squidman runs up to the hole.

Squidman: Wait! Don’t leave me on land!

He jumps down after them. Zim skids to a halt in between two shelves of books. He tiptoes down the rows. A book falls off the shelf. Zim screams, and jumps onto the other shelf, trembling.

Zim: GIR! GIR, is that you?

Zim jumps down, and backs away. He backs into GIR, who screams and waves his arms threateningly. Zim screams, runs over to the case, throws a book at GIR, and climbs up the shelf. Switch to GIR's POV. The word "Tracking" appears underneath Zim.

GIR: Target found! Eliminate moron!

Zim climbs up the shelf, and jumps down the other side. Laser beams cut through the shelves. Switch back to GIR's POV. Some of the books are on fire. The words "X-Ray Enhancement" appear on screen. The shelf ahead of him disappears, and Zim is now in GIR's sight. Four arrows point to Zim. Zim gasps and runs away. He runs down another row of bookshelves, followed by a continuous line of laser beams. Zim grunts as each beam misses him. He jumps forward, and lands in front of a sign saying "Book Drop". Zim moans. A book flies forward and lands in front of him. Zim looks up and runs to the left, just as another laser hits the wall. Zim runs into a room with double doors labeled "Viewing Screens". GIR is visible through the window. Zim runs through the room, which has computer monitors lined up against the walls all around. He stops in front of a dead end, blocked off by vending machines.

Zim: Curse you, snacks! Curse yoooooouuuuu!!!

The lights go off. Zim looks back. GIR's eyes are visible in the darkness. His eyes glow and electricity sparks up on the top of the canister, lighting up the room. Four wires extend from the canister, slamming Zim into the candy dispenser behind him and cracking the glass. The force of the blow knocks the police hat off of his head as well. Another wire extends and attaches to the first in the row of computers. GIR's face appears on all of the monitors.

GIR: For the good of the mission.

Zim: GIR… you were my servant once! Remember?

GIR: Yes. I didn’t like it.

GIR's eyes glow. Zim struggles in vain to escape from the wires. GIR gets ready to fire his laser. Squidman's voice is heard off screen.

Squidman (O.S.): Hey! Over here!

GIR looks to the left and a patch of ink squirts into his eyes. He starts rubbing his eyes frantically.

GIR: Vision… impaired! Can’t see!!

Squidman (Teary-eyed): My ink! I did it!

The wires shoot back into the canister. Zim narrows his eyes and jumps down from the vending machine. He runs up to GIR and leaps onto him, knocking the canister's lid off-screen. Zim opens GIR's head and pulls out the behavioral modulator. GIR tries to reach him with his own arm, and one of the wires smacks Zim off of his head. Zim turns the Modulator right down. GIR punches the air angrily and suddenly goes back to normal mode. The canister falls to the ground. He falls out of the canister and lands face down on the floor. He grins.

GIR: Hi, floor! Make me a sammich!

Zim: That’s better… I guess?

GIR runs in circles around the Data Canister, giggling.

GIR: Sammiiiich!! Nyee hee hee! Sammich! Nyeh heh…

Cut to a tranquil beach scene at sunset. GIR, Zim, and Squidman are looking out over the water. Squidman is wearing his hat again. Squidman smiles.

Squidman: I want to thank you. That was quite an adventure! The car wreck, the library fight, and then the galactic space battle that happened on the way to this beach.

Zim: Yes, yes, very nice, now into the ocean with you, where you can tell no one of these things.

Squidman (With his arms in the air, triumphantly): I’m coming home!

He jumps into the water.

GIR: G'bye!! G'byyye! G'byee! G'bye, g'bye!!!

The sun goes down very quickly, and Squidman leaps through the water.

GIR: He’s gettin’ eaten by a shark.

Zim looks skeptical. GIR smiles.


The screen fades from black to a close up of a strange, tar-like substance. The camera zooms out to a large, red container with "CAUTION" written on it, attached to a bunch of pipes. It then pans down to the skool cafeteria, where a bunch of kids are waiting in line for their lunch. A child steps to the front of the line, tray in his hands. A tank labeled "GOVERNMENT SUPPLY" squirts some of the gray substance onto his plate, some of it splashing onto the child's face. He flinches. The camera pans toward his face as his eyes widen, accompanied by a red background. The liquid gets absorbed into his eyesockets, and eventually into his pupils. He struggles and grunts, grabbing his head as if he had a terrible headache. The substance on his plate has apparently attached itself to his chin and arms. Suddenly, he stops struggling, along with a comical dinging sound. He casually walks away and another student takes his place. The camera pans to Zim, who had been previously sitting at the table behind them. He glances back at the lunch line, wearing purple goggles and gloves. He looks down at his food, which was the same unknown substance the other skoolchildren were eating. Reluctantly, Zim picks up his spoon and pokes it a few times in disgust. He looks up from his food. All the other skoolchildren give him strange looks while a cricket chirps in the background. Zim removes his goggles and gloves, then picks up some of the alleged "food" with his spoon. He puts it in his mouth, which is immediately followed by a bout of severe coughing. His eyes water.

Zim: Delicious, delicious!

He stands up on top of the table, pumping his fists into the air.

Zim: I'm normal!

All the skoolchildren, blank-faced, slide off-screen with a whooshing sound. The camera pans to the back of the cafeteria, revealing an annoyed Dib.

Dib: How I am I still the only one who sees Zim's an alien? I mean, come on! Come on! COME ON!

He clenches his fists angrily at the boy next to him. Gaz casually walks by.

Gaz: Why do you have to have a head?

She takes a seat next to Dib, and sets her food on the table. Dib smiles and turns to her.

Dib: Gaz! I want you to see this. Today, things are gonna change. I'm gonna do... something! I'm not just gonna sit back and watch Zim get away with his... his... things he do!

Gaz cracks open an eye, making Dib realize his mistake. Unconsciously, he picks up his muffin.

Dib: I mean—

Gaz: "Things he "DO"? What's your problem?

Dib: Oh, you know what I mean! I'm just... I have to do something about it. Something... new! And SOON!

Dib eyes Zim from across the room. Zim picks at his food, making Dib grit his teeth. He continues to pick at his food. Dib is laying on the desk, trunk-style, clenching his fist. Zim still continues to jab at his food. Dib stands up, raising his hand with the muffin in it.

Dib: NOW!

Dib, off-screen, flings the muffin. It hits Zim's head with a squeak.

Zim: What? WHO?!

Gaz: That... that was horrible.

Gaz looks away while Dib smirks. Zim snatches the muffin off the table.

Zim: WHOOO DID THIS?!

Zim jumps up onto the table once again.

Zim: Who dares to soil my normal boy head with this... PORK-COW?!

The rest of the class is stairing back at Zim with strange looks.

Poonchy: THAT'S A STINKIN' MUFFIN!

Zim: Silence! Whatever this is, I will find the beast who threw it. I WILL FIND YOU! Sleep peacefully now, for it is the last peaceful sleep you will KNOW FROM THIS MOMENT ON!

Child (O.S.): BUT WE'RE NOT ASLEEP RIGHT NOW!

Zim glances around the class room, a bit of worry in his expression. The whole class stops and looks at him suspiciously. Zim's eye twitchs, and he screams before running out the cafeteria doors.

Dib: Heh, wow.

Gaz opens an eye.

Gaz: Actually, that was kinda funny.

The camera fades to Professor Membrane's house, and inside Dib's room. He mumbles unintelligibly in his sleep as he rolls in bed. Apparently his glasses are still on. The sound of rockets landing outside is heard.

Dib (mumbling): Thank you, Mr. President...

A bright light fills Dib's room, causing him to pull his covers over his head. He opens his eyes, yelps, and sits up, his blanket still wrapped around him.

Dib: What?! Wh-wh-what's happening?!

His glasses glare, and two Meekrob float into his room through an open window.

Dib: Who—what—what are you?!

The Meekrob flash and transform into a pair of sneakers.

Dib: And... why did you transform into giant shoes?

Meekrob (Unison): We are beings of pure energy. This is merely a form your human brain can understand.

Dib: But... you just looked like aliens before you turned into shoes.

Meekrob: Mmm... yes, but you couldn't comprehend that.

Dib raises an eyebrow.

Dib: Yes, I could.

Dib is suddenly slapped across the face by one of the Meekrob's laces.

Meekrob: Oh, forget that, already. Now, Dib—Dib... whatever your last name is.

Dib nods.

Dib: That's right.

Meekrob: We are the Meekrob, and we have a common enemy, Dib. The Irken Empire. We are busy fighting them on our own planet, but have come to offer you a gift that can aid in your battle with them.

The Meekrob glow with power, their laces pointed at Dib. Dib covers his eyes with a hand. The force gets stronger, forcing Dib to grip the mattress as the blanket flies off him. His grasp fails, and he is flung against the wall above his bed. An X-ray view of him appears a few times, accompanied by the sound of electricity crackling.

Dib: Aagh—nyah—OW, it hurts!

The Meekrob chuckle.

Meekrob: Yes. You now have the power to defend the Earth like never before.

Dib is still up against the wall. He looks at them in awe.

Dib: Why... Why did you choose me?

Meekrob: You are the worthiest, Dib. And, nobody's had a head large enough to accommodate so much power. Now, rest.

Dib looks at them one last time before suddenly drifting off to sleep. He falls face-first onto his bed. The Meekrob fly out of the window, leaving the room in flames. The next morning, Dib cracks open an eye. He sits up with a gasp.

Dib: A dream? Was it a dream? I feel... odd.

The camera switches to a view of the kitchen. Gaz picks up the toaster and angrily shakes it. A piece of burnt toast falls out. Gaz picks it up and sits down at the table before biting into it. Dib walks by, giggling to himself. He drops a piece of bread into the toaster and sits down next to Gaz.

Dib: What an amazing morning, isn't it?

Gaz grumbles and spits her toast at Dib. Dib wipes it off.

Dib: No, really! Something's... different.

The toast suddenly flies out of the toaster and into the air. Dib looks up, scoops some butter onto a butter knife, and flings it into the air. He jumps up to meet his perfectly-made toast in mid-air, and bites it before the toast lands right on his plate. Dib lands in a flawless dismount on the other side of the kitchen. He looks at his hands, smiling.

Dib: It wasn't a dream. I really was chosen!

Professor Membrane walks into the kitchen.

Prof. Membrane: Son, you're looking in good spirits today! You must've finally seen the light about studying real science!

Dib turns to his dad, still looking bright.

Dib: No, dad! These alien shoes came into my room, and gave me some kind of gift! I know that sounds, but it's true!

He jumps into the air again and does a backflip, landing infront of the fridge. He opens it, and takes out an empty glass and a carton of orange juice. He holds the cup upside down as the lid to the carton opens itself and pours itself into the cup. He drinks the juice while the carton puts it's lid back on before putting both back into the fridge.

Prof. Membrane: Those aliens were demented hallucinations!

Prof. Membrane takes out what looks like a laser pointer and holds it up to Dib's head. It projects a X-ray view of his son's skull.

Prof. Membrane: But, your DNA does seem to have evolved beyond that of normal human beings!

Dib looks somewhat confused. Gaz walks over to him with a grunt.

Gaz: Hmm, I... guess I'm sorry about being so mean to you all those times, then.

Dib looks at his hands.

Dib: This is... this is just incredible! I should... I should see if this whatever-it-is really will help me deal with Zim! I gonna head over to his base! Hey..., I'm speaking out loud to myself in an unnatural manner. Oh well!

Dib leaves the room while Gaz and Prof. Membrane watch. A fast slide show of Dib in various heroic, and rather ridiculous, poses appears.

Dib (O.S.): I AM DIB!

Dib steps outside his backdoor and jumps high into the air, accompanied by the sound of rockets. He lands in a bush just outside of Zim's cul-de-sac.

Dib: Oh, man! That was GREAT!

He ducks behind the bush and crouches on his knees.

Dib: Time for some serious note-taking!

Dib puts on a pair of viser-like binoculars. He focuses it on Zim's house, before lifting up a note-pad and pencil. Abruptly, he puts down his equipment.

Dib: No! I'm sick of waiting and watching! I should take action! I'm... talking out loud some more! Odd! I'm going for it!

A dust cloud forms around him as he jumps up into the air, again accompanied by rocket sounds. He lands in front of Zim's yard. The gnomes lock on him. He jumps again, right as the gnomes shoot. Their heads blast off. Dib lands, now on Zim's doorstep. Once again, there is a slide show of Dib in several poses.

Dib (O.S.): DIB, D-DIB-DIB-D-DIB!

Dib knocks on Zim's front door with a smirk on his face. Zim opens the door, looking somewhat confused.

Zim: Huh?

Dib: I've got a few things to tell you, Zim.

The camera pans upwards towards the sky. The sun changes from mid-day to early evening. The camera pans back down.

Dib: And that's all I have to say about that.

Zim ponders this for a moment.

Zim: Ehh... okay.

Zim goes back inside his house for a few seconds, and reappears with a suitcase and GIR.

Zim: I can't argue with that, Dib. You've won. I'm giving myself up to the Earth authorities.

Zim turns to GIR.

Zim: It's been nice working with you, GIR! Now, self-destruct.

GIR: Finally! Ehehehehee!

GIR emits a high-pitched noise and explodes. Zim looks back at Dib once more before walking outside. A police car pulls up infront of Zim, and he steps in. They drive away. Dib smiles and looks at his hands.

Dib: This feeling! The power! It isn't going away! Things really are going to be different for me! At last!

Dib exclaims in victory and strikes an epic pose. The camera fades to the front of Professor Membrane's house, and into the living room, where Prof. Membrane and Gaz are watching television.

T.V. Reporter (O.S.): You've opened the world's eyes to the existence of aliens, Dib!

On T.V., a reporter is standing infront of a large crowd, next to Dib.

T.V. Reporter: Now what?

The T.V. reporter puts his microphone infront of Dib.

Dib: There are many other mysteries still unsolved. I figured, you know, I'll do some of that.

Dib smiles at the camera while the flashes of cameras and microphones surround him.

In a new scene, a news van approaches what looks like a haunted mansion in a dark forest. Kyle Menke, the camera man, exits the vehicle and joins a large group of news reporters in the building. Dib stands at a podium in front of curtains at the other end of the room. He appears taller, and the spike in his hair extends further, showing us that a number of years has passed.

Dib: Ladies and gentlemen, ghosts!

Dib flies up and grabs the curtains with blue static surrounding his hands. The audience is wide-eyed in anticipation. He rips off the curtain while revealing the ghosts of William Shakespeare, Abraham Lincoln, and some man on a broom with a bucket hanging from it.

William Shakespeare: Hey.

Man on Broom: How're you doing?

Abraham Lincon: Hello.

Man on Broom: Hi.

David Spade: Dib rocks!

Britney Spears pushes David Spade aside.

Britney: Oh, I love you, Dib!

We close in on the spike on Dib's head and transition to a scene where it has gotten even longer. More time has passed. Dib stands next to a woman, (who somewhat resembles an older version of Sailor Mercury from Sailor Moon) in a white jacket and glasses, on a dock at the lake.

Dib: ...and to prove that the lake's spooky monster is real, this task force has granted me permission to drain the lake.

The metal top of one of the wooden dock pillars opens to reveal a red button. Dib stands back and karate-chops it with his hands, again, with blue static surrounding his hands, splitting the entire pillar in half. Two men sit in a boat in the lake as it quickly sinks, revealing monsters all across the lake floor. The audience, although disturbed, begins to applaud obligatorily. A news reporter with a microphone appears and knocks a woman off from one of the docks to make a report in front of the camera.

Reporter: What's left to be discovered now, Dib?

We close in on Dib again and flash forward in time once again,. The scene transitions to a dark room filled with strange equipment, computers, and wires. Zim sits alone in the dark with a book in his hands. Various wires are attached to his head and body, one coming out of his right eye socket. Zim weakly opens his one eye as he's sharply illuminated by the door opening on the other side of the room. We see from Zim's POV the door continue to slowly open. Zim is held in some kind of chamber and bubbles surround him. The walls of the dark room are covered with wires.

Zim: Dib!

Zim's tongue also has a wire attached to it. Dib enters with actress Claire Danes holding his arms. He wears goggles and the spike of his hair now reaches below his neck.

Dib: It's been years, Zim.

Zim: Twenty of your years to be precise, enduring these indignities. The only reason I have not tried to escape is because it amuses me.

Dib approaches Zim as he talks. He reads the output of some computer next to Zim.

Dib: Amuses you to what?

Zim: Ah, yes. The invasion.

Dib: I didn't ask you about the invasion.

Zim: Oh, you didn't? Well, you were supposed to. Well, they'll be here. The armada will come and there's nothing you can do about it.

Dib: We'll see, Zim. We'll see.

Cut to a red sky with planes flying across. Pan down to Dib standing at a podium.

Dib: To better study the coming alien menace...

Dib looks up and shoots down an alien ship with his goggles, then continues.

Dib: I am proud to introduce the Dib Institute of Paranormal Studies/School of Paranormal Tolerance/Museum/Snack Bar.

Dib extends his arms to shoot a ray of blue static electricity at a tree, launching it in the air and revealing a snack bat with a man standing behind it. Excited people run over to it, as the tree falls back down and crushes them. Fireworks are shot off as the planes in the sky form "DIB" in skywriting.

Fade to a new scene. A man runs through the halls to a bathroom.

Man: Sir, they're coming!

Pan over to a stall. A toilet flushes, and a long streak of black spiky hair appears over the door of the stall. Cut to a door that reads, "United World Association of Fighting Enemies". Dib demonstrates at a chalkboard in front of a group of soldiers. His voice has lowered and lines have begun to form on his face.

Dib: The Massive; the armada capital ship. The side pods are filled with snacks. It's their weak spot. Alpha, you'll be bringing down the Massive.

Dib points to a diagram of the Massive on the chalkboard with a stick, rings of blue static surrounding it.

Soldier: But, Dib -- sir, who will lead alpha squadron?

CU of Dib. He snaps the stick in half. Cut to the inside of a spacecraft with a transparent panel. Dib is strapped inside the vessel. He leads a crew of ships toward the Massive, also surrounded by an armada of ships. Dib uses his blue static to summon a ship control deck. He accelerates as ships shoot at one another everywhere. Dib flies out of his ship and flies toward the Massive. He lands on the Massive's observation window as Red and Purple eye him inquisitively. He then flies to the top, dodging shots from ships flying above him. He jumps onto the Massive's side pod and uses the blue static from his hands to tear open a hole in it. Snacks quickly spill out from the hole.

Red: Our snacks! It's over! Retreat!

Purple quietly looks on as Red flees from the chamber. Suddenly, a spacecraft destroys the observation window and Purple is knocked unconscious. Meanwhile, Dib, still outside, jumps on ships and crushes them, before leaping down toward Earth. He lands on a stage in front of a large crowd of people with news cameras everywhere. He stands up triumphantly next to President Man, who is holding a trophy, as the Massive crashes in a vast desert behind them, sinking deep into the ground. The crowd cheers as they catch the snacks falling from the sky. President Man claps softly and hands Dib the trophy, saluting him.

Flash forward once more. Dib is on a talk show. He is an old man. The spike in his hair in now grey, and is longer as he is tall.

Dib: ...And that's how I won the "Greatest Person Ever to Live" award.

Host: You've lived quite a full life, haven't you, Sir Dib?

Dib: Yes, Alan. It was everything I could have hoped for, and more. And I even got to ride a moose.

The crowd tearfully applauds.

Alan (Laughs): And who could forget that day? Yes, well, we thank you for sharing your incredible life with us and for allowing the human race to survive.

Dib: Oh, yes. You're welcome.

Alan: And, oh, if I may say, there's one final question that would settle the curiosity of your many fans. Did you throw the muffin at Zim's head?

Dib chuckles.

Dib: Wow, that's going back a long ways. As a matter of fact, I did.

Suddenly, Alan's head morphs into Zim's own.

Zim: Aha!

Everyone in the audience now has Zim's head, and they are all laughing evilly. Dib sits in a large white room as he returns to his normal age. His mouth is open with shock. Pan up to a red, spherical room containing Zim. Dib, still sitting in the white room, appears on a screen beside Zim.

Zim: I knew it! I knew it was you!

Dib: What? There aren't shoe aliens?

Zim: Get out.

Dib gets up and walks sadly toward the exit.

Zim: Oh, just one more thing.

Zim pushes a button and a large machine appears above Dib. It aims at Dib and he shields himself, as a blue light flashes in front of him, then suddenly stops. Dib looks up and, after a short pause, is pegged with a muffin. Zim laughs wickedly as Dib staggers toward the exit.

Dib: You stink, Zim.

Zim continues laughing as the lights turn off.


Joyful music plays throughout. A bird with a worm in its mouth is flying over the city. Children are seen playing outside of the Skool. Birds sit on a tree branch, chirping. The fly towards the Skool. Dib eyes two squirrels awkwardly as they hop happily together on the windowsill. Suddenly, the happy music comes to an abrupt halt as Ms. Bitters yells into the phone.

Ms. Bitters: No... No... NOOO!!

The squirrels hop off the windowsill in fear. Ms. Bitters angrily clenches the phone in her hand. Inaudible dialogue can be heard. She brings it back up to her ear.

Ms. Bitters: You'll pay for this one!

She slams the phone on the desk. It bursts into flames and ghosts fly out as it disappears into a small compartment.

Ms. Bitters: Class! Despite my moral outrage, the Skool Principal is allowing you to celebrate Valentine's Day this year.

Children start going into fits of happiness, screeching like monkeys and a few even flying across the classroom like flocks of birds for no apparent reason. Dib dons an expression of irritated resignation, while Zim merely looks confused.

Miss Bitters (resentfully sarcastic): Go ahead. Pass out your Valentine's meat slabs. It's traditional.

The children take out meat and begin passing it around. Aki begins to offer her tray of heart-shaped meat slab-lets to Zim.

Zim: I-I left my meat at home. Sorry, I sort of forgot it, uh....

Aki puts her meat on Zim's desk.

Zim: ...GET THAT OUT OF MY FACE!

Zim pushes the meat off his desk and into Aki's face, covering his face in defence. One of the other meat slabs in her arms lands on his desk, and he promptly flicks it off. Aki looks at him in annoyance. Meanwhile, Gretchen puts her meat on Dib's desk, then, trying to catch his eye, lays another one on.

Dib: Ms. Bitters? I read that long ago people used to give out cards and candy for Valentine's Day. How did the whole "meat" thing get started?

Ms. Bitters: You don't wanna know.

Gretchen continues to pile meat on Dib's desk.

Ms. Bitters: I had a valentine once...

An alarm interrupts her story, and Ms. Bitters grabs the phone again.

Ms. Bitters: Ugh. Another one?

She hangs up. Ghosts emerge from the phone slot yet again, and fly around the classroom.

Ms. Bitters: To celebrate overcrowding in Skool, a new student will be joining the class.

A large jet bearing the "Dee-Licious Weenie" logo lands on the schoolyard, and a mysterious girl steps out. A dark blue cat with silver-striped ears jumps on the windowsill, walks across to the end, and suspiciously eyes Dib. The latter looks confused, and a little scared. The class turns their heads to see Tak standing in the classroom door.

Tak: Hi! My name's Tak. (beat) I'm new here.

The class looks at her. Zim and Dib are confused.

Children (Monotone): Hello, Tak.

The jet leaves, causing papers to fly around the room. Tak boldly walks towards the center of Mrs. Bitters' classroom.

Tak: My father's the head of the DEE-Licious Weenie corporation; that was his jet out there. SO I BROUGHT VALENTINE'S WEENIES FOR EVERYONE!

Tak tosses away her backpack with a manicial laugh, from which a deluge of weenies burst forth. The children dive into the resulting pile.

Childern: YAY! WIENERS!

The weenies crawl up towards Smolga, and start covering her.

Smolga: WEENIES ROCK!

The pile of weenies covering Smolga collapse, leaving nothing behind, as the other children continue to chow down. Tak jumps onto Ms. Bitters' desk.

Tak: ...Except that kid!

Tak points at Zim.

Zim (Uninterested): Weenies, SCHMEENIES! Zim needs no MEAT!

Tak: For him, I have prepared a poem.

Tak clears her throat.

Sara (Tauntingly): Looks like Zim has a GIIRRRLFRIEEND!

Tak rips her paper in half. Zim is terrified.

Tak (Suddenly losing it): It's NOT NICE (regaing composure) to embarrass people. You should apologize and... eat your eraser!

A gleam of purple light flashes from one of Tak's eyes to the other, hypnotizing Sara.

Sara (Vacantly): Yes, Tak. I'm sorry, Zim!

Sara pulls out a square eraser as big as she is, and takes a bite out of it, making a loud "crunch" noise. The class stare at Tak while she reads her poem.

Tak: "For longer than I can remember, I've been looking for someone like you. Someone with a head like yours, and a torso too. Birds sing, and YOU'RE GONNA PAY, THE END!" HERE'S SOME MEAT COVERED IN BARBECUE SAUCE!

Tak throws the meat at Zim and he catches it, against his will. He begins to burn from the meat and screams in pain. Dib points at Zim, trying to get someone to notice that Zim is burning with the meat and that isn't normal.

Ms. Bitters: Thank you, Tak. That was horrible. Now, you'll need a place to sit.

Ms. Bitters scans the classroom, her gaze eventually settling on Rob.

Ms. Bitters: You! You're being transferred to the underground classroom.

Rob screams as the floor opens up beneath him, and he falls down. Tak rushes to sit in his empty seat. Dib looks back at her and she shrugs.

Ms. Bitters: And you! (pointing at Brian) I'm just tired of you.

Brian also disappears down a chute. Poonchy, who was standing in the doorway, takes his seat. Meanwhile, Zim is still screaming and runs to the back of the classroom, running into a wall as Poonchy looks around, trying to become the center of attention.

Dib: Ms. Bitters? Do they REALLY have underground classrooms?

Zim (in the background): Why does it hurt!?!

Ms. Bitters: Sure, whatever.

Zim screams, then accidentally hits a bookshelf, which promptly falls on top of him.

The scene fades to Zim's Base, where Zim - battered and swollen from the barbecue sauce debacle - is contacting the Almighty Tallest (unaware that the figures he's addressing are actually poorly-constructed marionette replicas, which are being controlled by the real Tallest from behind the couch on which the puppets lie seated).

Zim: My Tallest, please excuse my appearance. I mean no disrespect. A new—

Voice from monitor that GIR is watching: Dirt! Dirt!!

GIR stands up and grabs the monitor screen.

GIR: No! You're not dirt!

Zim: Be quiet!

GIR sits back down and smiles innocently. The monitor GIR was watching is now in static.

Zim: My Tallest, a new child attacked me with meat! My conclusion: She's in love with me!

The Tallest giggle at Zim's obliviousness from behind the couch. Zim paces around a platform in the Transmission Chamber.

Zim: This may prove valuable, as I can use the child to learn more about human af-FECTION! (He spits the word out like it's poison.)

Red makes his marionette punch the head off of Purple's marionette. While Zim's back is turned, the real Purple comes up from behind the couch looking at the decapitated puppet.

Zim: ...which, from what I have been able to determine, is pain-based.

Red forces Purple's head down so it rests over the decapitated puppet, and then grabs the strings that control their marionnete.

Purple: Um, that's great, Zim! Sounds great.

Red makes the marionette's arms flail around and snickers.

Purple: Don't worry, that's just my arms flailing and... giggling.

Red makes the marionette punch his compatriot in the face.

Purple: Stop it! (Red punches him again.) Stop it!

Zim: ...And once I am done with the child, I will destroy her. That should be neeeaat!

Purple: Okay, Zim. (Red makes the marionette's arm punch Purple in the face yet again.) Now, we have another call!

Zim signs off as the Tallest come out from behind their couch and laugh, congratulating each other. Suddenly, a signal beeps.

Red (Surprised): Hey!... We really do have another call.

The view screen on the Massive displays a new, mysterious Invader decked in purple. Cut to the skool playground the next day. Dib and Tak can be seen sitting on a ledge. Dib takes a bite out of a Valentine's Day meat slab, while offering some to Tak. She declines his offer. Gretchen sobs, as she watches through a reflection in a puddle, and blows into a handkerchief.

Dib: No, it's just I'm not used to people being interested in my paranormal studies. As for Zim, well—

Zim shoves Dib off the ledge into some brambles. Dib yelps in surprise.

Zim: I have come to accept your feelings for me, I congratulate you for acknowledging my superiority in choosing me as your love-pig... FEEL HONORED!

Awkward silence ensues. Crickets chirp. An eagle screeches and a cat meows. Wordlessly, Tak pulls out some Poop BBQ sauce and squirts Zim with it. Zim falls to the ground, screaming, smoke rising from his body.

Tak: Maybe you really are an alien, like Dib says. (She chucks the Poop bottle aside.) A horribly disguised, disgusting, horrible one.

Zim: Nonsense! Despite his huge head, the Dib-monkey is quite stupid.

Dib (still among the brambles): My head's not big!

Zim: Now prepare your brain, filthy beast of meat and hair. (He lifts Tak up from the ledge, and puts her down on the concrete.) Your magical love adventure begins NOW!

Tak points to Zim and laughs. Zim examines himself, and seems to notice the barbecue sauce for the first time. Tak laughs some more. Zim starts laughing too. Tak points at Zim with both of her hands. Zim and Tak continue laughing. Tak grabs a nearby trashcan, shoves it over Zim, and kicks him away. Tak and Dib begin laughing together.

A montage of Zim's attempts to get Tak's attention begins.

Tak sits at a table in the cafeteria. Zim slides up next to her holding a muffin. Tak squirts Zim with juice and he falls down, smoke rising from him.

Cut to Tak opening her locker, and finding a slab of meat insidr, with a bow on it and a note attached that says "To: Tak From: Zim". Zim peeks over from behind the lockers, then hides behind the lockers and grins. Tak grabs Zim. Cut to Tak throwing Zim out of the front door of the skool with the meat strapped to his head with the bow. He screams and runs, smoke rising from his head.

Cut to the classroom. A present appears next to Tak's side being held up by a mechanical claw coming out of a device Zim is holding. Tak glances over at Zim. Cut to the class walking out of the classroom. Zim stumbles out of class with Tak's present shoved over his head and the claw wrapped around his body.

Cut to Tak walking home from Skool. Zim is around the corner from Tak, with some flowers in his hand. He runs around the corner to present his flowery gift, but instead finds an attack dog. Zim drops the flowers and runs, as Tak watches from the top of a wall. Cut to another shot of Zim shoved in a mail box as Tak walks by.

Cut to the Skool hallway. Tak walks down the hall with Zim following her. Zim holds a gigantic stack of books. He loses balance and falls, dropping the books. One flies up in the air and crashes down on his head.

Cut to Zim sitting in the cafeteria, looking beat-up and dejected. Tak dumps a tray of cafeteria food onto his head and it starts smoking.

Cut to Zim opening the front door of his house and walking inside. Smoke rises from him and he has a note saying "kick me!" on his back. GIR (out of disguise) stands on his head. The Acne Blast commercial plays on the TV. We see Zim from GIR's perspective (upside-down).

GIR: You're on fire!

Zim: Am I? Ah, well... GIR, I feel I now know enough about human affection...

Zim shuts the door.

Zim: ... I hate it! Especially the part with the beans! Our friend Tak is no longer useful to me.

The doorbell rings. Zim spins around and the camera angle goes right-side up again. A panel appears on the door. Zim places his hand on the panel and the door becomes invisible to him (but not to whoever is on the other side of the door). Tak stands on the other side of the door tapping her foot impatiently. Zim glances at GIR. GIR back flips into his dog suit and zips it up, before giving a thumbs-up.

Zim opens the door. MiMi whooshes inside, moving around the house in a blur of motion. MiMi stops next to GIR and narrows her eyes. MiMi then moves to Tak's side. Tak's eyes flash.

Zim: Okay... Tak! I'm glad you stopped by. It gives me a chance to end our HIDEOUS relationship.

Zim holds up a note, revealing that it says "Kick me! Love Tak!".

Zim: And enjoy your shrill cry of having been rejected by ZIM!

Zim rips up the paper and throws the shreds in the air.

Tak: You have got to be kidding.

Zim: I assure you I am quite serious. Now cry! Cry like you've never cried before.

Tak starts laughing evilly and insanely. Zim looks on suspiciously at her. The sound of an electronic hum begins. Tak and MiMi become static-y as their disguises disappear, revealing that Tak is an Irken and MiMi is a modified SIR unit.

Zim: Wha...You! You're Irken! WHAT IS THIS!?!

Tak: You're a bigger fool than I ever imagined.

Zim: Eh?

Tak: You're a bigger fool than I ever imagined.

Zim: Eh?

Tak: You're confused. Allow me to explain...

Cuts to flashback on the planet Devastis.I

Tak: It was fifty years ago, on the Irken military training planet, Devastis. I had been waiting years to take my final test to become one of the Irken elite soldiers and, should the need arise... to become one of the invaders.

Zim approaches a vending machine and purchases an item inside. It gets stuck and Zim pounds on the machine in frustration. He leaves for a moment and returns in a large machine to shoot down the vending machine. We cut to another location and an explosion is heard, with smoke seen in the distance. We see the planet from outer space, and lights all across the surface go out as we hear the sound of machinery stopping. Soon, Tak finds herself trapped inside the building as a result of Zim's recklessness.

Tak: NO! SOMEBODY, HELP ME! THE DOOR IS STUCK! I'll miss my chance.

Zim happily chews on some candy.

Zim: MMMmmm, snack...

Zim walks offscreen, showing us Tak still banging at the jammed door.

Tak: You blew the power block for that entire half of the planet, but the testing went on interrupted on the other side. I pleaded with the control brain to let me take the test, but she said I would have to wait another seventy years. I was placed on a janitorial squad, and then sent to planet Dirt. I escaped and began my long search for the mysterious person who caused the blackout, and... RUINED MY LIFE!

We cut back to the present.

Tak: I eventually tracked you to this horrible place and took that rich weenie-human as my false father...

Zim: Yes, yes, so you're blaming me for your horrible life, blah, blah, BIG DEAL!

Tak: This is about taking your mission, Zim! Not revenge!

Zim: You're after revenge?

Tak: NO! It's not about revenge! It's about taking what is rightfully mine. (Her voice becomes almost manic with rage.) I should've have been an invader. i should've been part of the great assigning. I didn't have to be stealing this planet from YOU!

Zim pauses for a beat as he fails spectacularly to take in her words.

Zim (Shocked): YOU'RE AFTER MY ROBOT BEE!

Tak (Exasperated): NOOO!!! Listen to me. Listen... CAREFULLY!

Zim indicates that he's listening through his usual hyperbolic manner.

Tak: I'm a better Invader than you could ever be. I blend in perfectly. The plan I have in store for this nasty rock will so impress the Tallest that they'll have no choice but to make me an Invader.

Zim: WHAT IS THIS?! And what is this plan?

Tak laughs.

Zim: Yes, yes, I'm a master of comedy. Now, tell me this plan.

Tak: Part one involves crippling your base so that you can only watch... AS I RUIN YOUR LIFE!!

MiMi leaps forward and unleashes a swarm of beetle-like nanobots from her head. Soon, the nanobots begin dismantling Zim’s base from the ceiling.

Zim: MY BEAUTIFUL BASE!

Tak: Part two is...

Zim: No! My beautiful base! No!

Tak: Part two is..!

Zim: NO! MY BEAUTIFUL BASE! NO!!

Tak (Struggling): Part... two... IS..!

Zim: NO!!

Tak: Part...

Zim: NOO!!!

Tak: Okay, I'm...

Zim: No!

Tak: Okay, I'm leaving now...

Zim (Suddenly straight-faced): But you didn't tell me your plan.

Tak simply shakes her head in exasperation. She then uses the "spider legs" in her PAK to fire a powerful laser that decimates the front of Zim's house. She then rises into the air and disappears via some sort of advanced cloaking device. Her modified SIR unit jumps onto the front lawn, spins around, decapitating the gnomes around Zim's yard before disappearing as well. GIR's head falls off as he watches in astonishment. Zim's robot bee then flies out of the house.

Zim: Noooo!!!

ACT BREAK

Zim grunts in pain as a ham demon smashes him repeatedly onto the pavement with his massive fists. Zim grabs the banner on a pole sticking from the ham demon's head and whacks him with it, freeing himself from its grip. His actions also release GIR from the demon's mouth. It moans loudly before stumbling backward and exploding. GIR, resting on his head, hums a triumphant little fanfare.

Zim: What a horrible adventure with that ham demon! Woo! But... I've made no progress in figuring out what Tak's plan is. The base is still repairing itself, and the only other person with the facilities to... (Zim pauses as he realizes just what he's saying.) No! I won't even even CONSIDER it!

Cut to Dib's house at night. Zim and Professor Membrane chat at the kitchen table, sipping from mugs.

Professor Membrane: But, that's just the way it worked out.

Zim: Yeah, I know what you mean.

Dib enters the kitchen.

Dib: Zim?

Professor Membrane: Good morning, son. Your little foreign friend is here to see you.

Dib: Dad, that's the alien! The alien!

Professor Membrane: Of course he is. You two have fun.

Professor Membrane leaves.

Dib: What's going on, Zim?

Zim: It seems the enemies have a common enemy: Tak! She's Irken and she's after my job and your planet.

Dib: Oh, come on. I like Tak! And she hates you! You're just jealous.

Zim: This has nothing to do with jelly! I've been trying to figure out her plan, but it's been difficult. She's GOOD! Not good like ME, but still good.

Dib: This is just stupid.

Zim: Forty-eight hours of trailing Tak and all I could come up with are these photos I wrestled off that ham demon. They're of a GIANT, EVIL WEENIE STAND her father has constructed... But that's nothing.

Dib: Hmm. Giant weenie stand is weird, but it doesn't say anything about Tak. Giant weenie stand... that's worth a look.

Zim: I KNEW this was a bad idea. She'll destroy your world!

Dib: I can't believe you're even saying this!

Gaz enters the kitchen, a soda can in her hand.

Gaz: Your voices are making me sick.

Zim: And when the Earth is a smoking ruin you'll wish it had been ME who did it...!

Gaz sprays Zim with the soda can, sending him running out the window and shrieking in pain. An explosion is heard.

Zim: Aaah! It burns! It burns!

Dib: Thanks, Gaz. He was really... Aaaaaahh!

Gaz sprays Dib with the soda as well, causing him to scream.

Cut to an urban area. An enormous building with an odd smiley-face design with arms on top stands above the clouds. An airplane passes by it from the front side. At ground level, Gaz walks by the bottom of the building, passing the weenie stand built into the center of it. The building continues for at least ten yards on either side of this stand. The weiner outfit-wearing clerk on the inside eagerly greets Gaz as she walking down the street.

Weenie Clerk: Delishus Weenie!!

Gaz: Hi.

The Weenie Clerk moans and shuts his eyes in painful thought.

Weenie Clerk: Uhh, what'll it be...?

Gaz: Be quiet. I wanted to let you know that my brother is trying to break into this building through some secret entrance.

Weenie Clerk: We... we have chili beans.

Cut to the rear of the building. Dib chews a hot dog as he climbs the building using a latching device with a rope in his free hand.

Cut back to Gaz.

Gaz: I just though it'd be funny to see him get beaten up by security.

Weenie Clerk: You know, I don't think there is a secret entrance. I work here and this is all I've seen.

Gaz: This place is kind of big for a hot dog stand, don't you think?

We see the Weenie Clerk reach his head out and look on in amazement at the enormity of the building he stands in.

Weenie Clerk: Whoa!

In the rear of the building, Dib is still climbing.

Back to Gaz.

Weenie Clerk: Now that I think of it...

Flashback of the Weenie Clerk, still in the weiner outfit, watching from behind the building as floating alien devices are carried into the building through an opening in the back.

Weenie Clerk: There is that secret entrance around back where they deliver all that alien-looking machinery.

He holds his head and groans in pain again, Gaz opens one eye and groans in annoyance.

Back to Dib. He continues climbing up the massive building. Still chewing on a hot dog, Dib watches as a bright yellow ray of light suddenly flashes in front of him where he latched onto the wall. It expands into a large opening and Dib hops inside. He gazes in amazement, as we are shown a spacious interior where assorted alien technology is brought around on platforms and travels into various rooms.

Dib: Oh, man! What is this place?

Gaz: It's a hot dog stand.

Dib: Gaz? How did you get...?

Gaz walks away, eating a hot dog. Dib brings out a video camera and looks around. We see from the camera's POV, Tak arrives on one of the platforms to where Dib is standing.

Tak: No pictures, please.

Dib: Tak? What... um, look, I can explain.

Tak: No need. In a second you won't even remember having seen any of this.

A purple light flashes in front of her eyes. We see Dib, unaffected.

Tak: Hmm. You must be smarter than the rest of them. Let's see about your sister.

Her eyes flash again. Gaz sprays her with a soda can. Tak shrieks and collapses as steam rises from her body.

Dib: You're behind this?

Tak: No, he is.

She points to a capsule containing a man standing inside of it. Hot dogs float around him on the inside, as he motionlessly holds his right hand out in a thumbs-up gesture. He wears a weiner-crown with a plaque attached to it, reading "President: Lord of Weiners".

Tak: Or at least, his resources. I only let him out when I need to keep up appearances, kind of like Zim's robot parents, only good.

Dib: You can't do this! People will know something's up. I mean, look at this place. It's enormous!

Tak: The great thing about your people, Dib, is that most of them don't notice. All they see is another faceless corporate venture, not a plan for world conquest.

Dib: Wait, is there really a difference?

They both exchange glances while deciding on their next action. Suddenly, a purple beam from outside destroys the wall next to them. Zim appears, hovering outside in his Voot Cruiser, and joins them.

Zim: It's over, Tak! The Earth is mine to devastate, and I already promised the moon to GIR.

Dib: Zim? How did you know we'd be here?

Zim: I placed a tracking device on you.

Dib: Tracking device? Where?

Dib searches himself and turns around, revealing GIR, clutching the back of his head.

GIR: Your head smells like a puppy!

GIR salutes, turning into duty mode briefly.

Tak: This won't stop me from keeping my promise to the Tallest. MiMi, attack!

Mimi emerges from a pipe in the ground, then changes from her cat disguise and grabs Dib by his head before tossing him down a vent. She then turns toward Zim and charges at him.

Zim: Ahh, Mimi, uh, ah cool it...

Zim is chased outside to his voot cruiser. Mimi grabs GIR and chucks him at Zim, causing the voot cruiser to crash into the ground below. Gaz watches as Tak removes her disguise and leaves in her ship. Mimi approaches Gaz, and she sprays the robot with a soda can, knocking her backward while ejecting a strange looking disk from Mimi's head. She changes back into a cat and flees, leaving the disk at Gaz's feet.

Zim and Dib both land by the garbage dump where Dib is dropped into.

Dib: You ruined everything, Zim! I was about to find out what her plan was.

Zim: Me? You're the one who refused to—

Gaz: Hey, what's this thing?

Gaz holds out the disk from Mimi's head.

Zim: That's a SIR Unit's memory disk. It probably has Tak's plan written all over it.

Dib jumps between Zim and Gaz, while shoving Zim to the ground.

Dib: No way, it's ours! Back off!

Zim: I'm the only one here with the technology to decode the files.

Dib: And we're the only ones here with the files to be decoded.

GIR: And I'm... ah, eh heh, I don't know.

Dib: Your base, our disk, Zim. Let us see the base.

Zim: As soon we destroy Tak, I'm going to feed your brains to my robot.

Dib: Deal.

GIR: Yay, brains!

The four of them descend into Zim's base. Gaz scoffs.

Gaz: This is your base?

Zim: Don't touch anything or I'll... melt your face off or something.

They walk across a convener belt to a panel on a platform, surrounded by wires with a large screen above it. When they are all on the platform, the belt retracts into the ground. Zim inserts the disk into a slot on the panel and attaches wires to its sides. He impatiently bangs on the panel as the screen turns from static to an image of Tak.

Tak: My leaders, I offer a gift to prove my worthiness as an invader. I have created a magma pump to hollow out the Earth's molten core.

Zim: I could do that.

Tak: Once empty I will fill the planet with snacks as an offering to my Tallest.

Dib: Your leaders are just taller than everyone else?

Tak: You never even considered Earth valuable at all, but I shall make it valuable.

Zim: She stole this plan from me!

GIR: No, she didn't.

Zim: Be quiet!

Dirt falls from the ceiling as the ground shakes.

Dib: It's starting.

Zim: Computer!

Computer: What...?

Zim: Ready the voot. I must stop Tak. Her little joke has gone far enough.

Dib: Wait, you have to drop me off at the weenie stand! Someone has to shut the pump off.

Gaz: Are there any video games around here?

Computer: No, not really.

Gaz (Bitterly): I guess I'll help save the Earth, then.

Cut to the Deelishus Weenie stand at night. A large line of customers has formed, and children squeal as they happily run off with hot dogs in their hands. People are knocked on the ground and a thud is heard. The head on the building retracts as the arms transform and shoot wires into the ground. A large pipe extends from where the head of the building once was, and red tubes extend the other ends of the two transformed arms into the sides of this pipe.

Weenie Clerk: Delishus Weenie!! 

People look up inquisitively with hot dogs in their hands. The Weenie Clerk is crushed from the inside. The exterior shell of the building opens, revealing an Irken insignia. Lights flash and machines start on the inside of the building. Lava travels through the tubes and is shot up into the sky out the pipe in the center. Zim travels to the site, dropping Dib onto the building. He soon spots Tak.

Zim: There!

Tak laughs as she watches from the top of her building. She quickly notices Zim and jumps into her ship. He follows her into the sky. The earth shrivels as Zim and Tak chase each other in their ships through the lava. Dib searches the top of the building.

Dib: How do you shut this thing off?

Cut to Gaz and GIR in Zim's base. A cable connects GIR's head to the panel.

Gaz: So, this should work.

Computer: If Tak's SIR unit is within range of its memory disk, it can be controlled through a remote host.

Gaz: We can remote-control it. Okay, you, do things. Make Tak's robot crazy.

GIR: Only if you dance with me.

Gaz: No, never. Never.

GIR stares at her.

Gaz: Oh, come on.

GIR continues to stare at her. Gaz then reluctantly begins kicking her arms and legs around. We then see Zim and Tak continue to chase each other around the stream of lava.

Tak: Give up, Zim. I built this ship myself.

They charge toward one another and Zim is knocked under her when they make contact, crushing the windshield of his ship. From inside, we see Zim get up and press a button. This causes the windshield to repair itself. He then gets back up and pursues Tak. We see Mimi standing guard inside Tak's ship. Suddenly, her eyes turn from the typical red of funcional SIR units to the blue of GIR's eyes. We hear GIR's voice as Mimi begins kicking around and jumping on her head. Cut to GIR, jumping on his head in the same manner, with Gaz still dancing beside him. The effect of the lava being released from the Earth begins to manifest on its surface, as buildings and pavement are shifted around. From Tak's ship, we see the Earth deflating. Mimi begins causing destruction to Tak's ship, jumping on the panel in front of her and grabbing Tak's face affectionately. We see Mimi grabb Tak's cheeks from her POV.

Tak: Stop!

Meanwhile, in GIR's POV, he is doing the same thing to Gaz. Gaz pushes GIR away and runs off in disgust. From outside Tak's ship, we see it convulse, and eventually crash into a rock, knocking Tak and Mimi into the distance. Zim watches their plight.

Zim: You're a worse pilot than I am! Wait.

After rolling around uncontrollably in the ship, Tak is ejected from it in a pod. Cut to Dib inside the Weenie Stand. We see him frantically run back and forth from in between two giant cylinder-shaped machines. He eventually notices something from behind our POV in front of the two machines, approaches, and pushes a button in the foreground. A ding is heard and machines begin to power down. We see Dib in front of a giant screen that reads: "ON/OFF".

Dib: How did I miss that?

From outside the weenie stand, the lava begins reversing direction and goes back into the pipe. People's hot dogs are sucked from the buns into the current of lava, along with birds,and satellites from space. From Zim's ship in space, we see the lava return the earth to its normal shape.

Zim: No one takes Zim's mission. No one!

Tak lands on the windshield of Zim's voot cruiser in her pod, a still blue-eyed Mimi beside her.

Tak: I don't know how you did it, Zim. You're not even an invader, you know? The tallest lied to you. Your mission is all a big lie! I'll come back and...

Zim pushes a button on the panel and sends Tak flying into space. Zim laughs and sips a drink from a straw.

Zim: Ha, ha!! Okay.

The Irken insignia on the bottom of his cup is used as a transition to a shot of the Massive, within which Zim contacts the Tallest and reports to them what happened. Cut to Zim on the screen in front of the Tallest. GIR peers around Zim in a cat costume resembling Mimi's disguise.

Zim: Tak's plan was ruined. The humans helped out, but they were hypnotized by... me... into doing so! You should have heard the lies she told about you.  Well, all that matters is that Tak's evil snack plan was stopped.

The Tallest glare at Zim.

Purple (After a short pause): Hey, I like snacks!

Red (Resentfully): He likes snacks, Zim.

Zim (a touch regretful): I know you do... I know.

GIR: Meow!

The transmission ends. Cut to Dib sitting on top of his house with a satellite and headphones, staring at the stars.

Dib: Look at it, Gaz. We've only seen what's come to us from up there. Don't you want to just fly up there and see it all?

Gaz sits at a table with a hot dog and a handheld video game. She responds with a passive grunt before looking back down at her game, and walking back inside the house. Dib continues looking into the sky, and notices a blue light. It slowly moves downward across the sky and Dib watches in shock as it hurls toward the Earth. A blinding white light illuminates the entire street before it crashes thunderously onto Dib's front lawn. He is knocked backward. Dib gets up and looks down over the roof of his house at the fire now in the backyard. We look through the fire and see Tak's vacant ship laying in the middle, embedded in the grass. We then cut to Dib and slowly zoom into his now-singed face. The flames generated from Tak's Ship illuminate him, as a huge smile slowly spreads across his face.


Pan to Earth as seen from space. "EARTH: TWO MILLION YEARS IN THE FUTURE" is typed out on screen. Fade in to a bedroom where a group of young children sit in front of Mr. Sludgy, a robotic snowman.

Mr. Sludgey (Singing): So raise the shields and have some joy, 'cause Christmas time is heeere!

The children jump up and down with glee and cheer.

Child: That was great, Mr. Sludgy! Now, will you tell us the story of the most horrible Christmas ever?

Mr. Sludgy laughs.

Mr. Sludgy: No, little girl. No I won't.

A electric fizzling noise comes from inside Mr. Sludgy.

Mr. Sludgy: Wait... yes, I will! Well, it's a little hazy, but it all started 2 million years ago...

Fade in to the city 2 million years ago. It's snowing outside.

Mr. Sludgy (V.O.): ...with a little green nuclear mole, named Zim!

Some carolers are singing inside a giant snow globe. They sing the word "blah" over and over to the tune of "Jingle Bells". A few people are gathered across the street, looking at something.

Mr. Sludgy (V.O.): Now, Zim hated humans more than anything!

The crowd leaves, revealing that they were standing in front of Zim, GIR, and Minimoose. Zim wears a strange new human disguise, GIR wears his dog suit, and Minimoose holds a collection plate on his head. Zim has a small animal stuck to his side. GIR eats snow from a pile on the ground.

Zim: Stink, stink, stink, stiiinking humaaans!!

The frame freezes and a comic panel showing Mr. Sludgy floats by.

Mr. Sludgy: But he didn't know much about Christmas now, did he?

GIR grabs the panel and eats it. The frame unfreezes.

Zim: Watch my dog eat snow! You! Watch the snow-eating!

Zim growls in frustration

Zim: The amazing snow-eating trick isn't working! The filthy horrible humans aren't giving us any Earth moneys. We need Earth moneys to appear as normal Earth-pigs. Hiiii-YA!

Zim kicks GIR into the snow.

Zim: Minimoose!

Minimoose squeaks.

Zim: How much have we earned?

Minimoose squeaks again and faces towards Zim. Zim looks into the collection plate. There is a couple of bucks, some change, a sandwich, and a heart. Zim picks up the the sandwich and sniffs it.

Zim: Too-naa!?! Tuna is worth nothing!!

Zim tosses the sandwich off-screen.

Zim: Why does no one give moneys to Zim!?!

Zim hears a bell. He looks over at a donation Santa ringing the bell. People give the Santa some donations.

Zim: There! That grubby red human!

Zim picks up Minimoose and uses him as binoculars. Minimoose's eyes become red and adjust like lenses. Zim looks at the Santa.

Zim: He's taking all my moneys!

Zim tosses Minimoose to the side and then leaps into the air. He tackles Santa while grunting.

Zim: You! Stop stealing all the—

Zim hears another bell and gasps. Zim looks up and sees more donation Santas ringing bells.

Zim: Huh!?! Hmmm!?! Hmm!?! Oohhh!?! He's got reinforcements! They're everywhere! What are they!?!

Zim leaps back to where Minimoose and GIR are. Zim yells, groans to himself a few times, then yells some more. GIR and Minimoose join in. Cut to the mall at dusk. A sign hangs out front that says "SEE SANTA NOW!" A Mall Santa set-up is in the middle of an open section of the mall. A line of children wait to see Santa, with GIR (in his little brother disguise) at the front of the line. Peaches stands next to the Mall Santa, wearing an elf suit. GIR runs up and sits on Santa's lap.

Mall Santa: And what do you want, little boy or girl?

Santa pats GIR on the head.

GIR: I wants me a barrel of floss!

Mall Santa: Hmm mmm...

GIR: I wants me two balls of glue-

Mall Santa: Hmm mmm...

GIR: -TO BE MY FRIENDS! And I wants to go dancing NAKED!

GIR flips over onto his head.

Mall Santa: Hmm mmm...

GIR: And I wants...

Time passes. GIR is right-side up again. The Mall Santa is shaking. He grunts.

GIR: And a chair made 'a cheese...

Mall Santa: Hmm mmm!

GIR: And a table made 'a cheese and a...

Mall Santa: Uuuh! No more! Get this kid away from me!

Zim (still wearing his new human suit): My little child just loves you and I just... now, GIR!

A beeping noise is heard. GIR dives out of the way. The stomach on Zim's suit transforms into a large tube that sucks in the Mall Santa. The belly button returns to normal, but the suit is made huge from the Mall Santa inside it. GIR collides with the suit, having almost been sucked in as well.

Zim: Let's go! Before anyone notices!

Zim grunts as he quickly waddles out of the mall, with GIR on his shoulder. Cut to Zim's house, with snow on the roof. Zim (out of disguise) types into a control panel in his lab. The Mall Santa is strapped onto an experimentation table. GIR (out of disguise) sits next to him, munching on some candy. The Mall Santa struggles to lean upwards, causing his spine to crackle. He sees Zim typing and several view screens displaying Irken text, as well as Minimoose. The Mall Santa shrieks.

Mall Santa: What is that!?!

Zim glances at Minimoose.

Zim: Oh, uh, that's Minimoose, my, eh, OTHER sidekick, eh-hm. Yep! Been with me the whole time!

GIR: Mmmm-mm!

GIR goes back to gobbling his candy. The Mall Santa reaches for some. Zim presses a button on a remote and the examination table tilts forward, while Minimoose does a barrel roll. Zim walks over to the Mall Santa, using his mechanical spider legs.

Zim: No candy for you, chub-monster! Until you tell me everything you know about these red bearded men who smell of ham, and VOMIIIT!

Mall Santa: Oh... you must mean... Santa!

Zim (Confused): You are... San-tah?

Mall Santa: No no, we're just Santa's helpers!

Zim: And you all report to this... San... TAAAA?

As the Mall Santa explains everything, his eyes drift in separate directions.

Mall Santa: Well, nobody's ever seen the real Santa, but the world over loves Santa. And everyone waits with hope in their hearts for the day when he returns to his people.

Zim: Everyone!?! Hmmm... Computer! Drain the human's brain of all Santa knowledge!

A device attaches to the Mall Santa's head. The Mall Santa grunts as all of his knowledge is drained. Zim walks over to the computer screens. His mechanical spider legs retract. Santa knowledge begins to flash on the screen: a donation Santa ringing a bell, then eggnog, then a child giving a present to another child, then carolers, then the words "12 DAYS TO X-MAS".

Zim: X-mas? Hmmmm....

Zim begins laughing evilly. A calendar counting down to Christmas appears showing the days fly by, layered over with Zim's evil laughter. The calendar stops at 2 days until Christmas. Cut to a small dog in the yard of Dib's neighbor. Gaz hangs on to a fence between the two yards, holding her headless Bitey the Vampire toy. Gaz grunts. Outside of the garage, sparks fly as Dib works on repairing Tak's Spittle Runner. The sparks stop and Dib peers over at Gaz. He walks out from behind the ship.

Dib: You stare at that dog every Christmas, Gaz! Come on, already! It's creepy.

Gaz: Three Christmases ago, that dog ate the head off Bitey the Vampire! You said so yourself! I haven't forgotten.

Dib: Well, fixing an alien spaceship is hard enough without you distracting me.

Dib goes back to repairing the ship. Gaz groans. The sparks from him working on Tak's ship begin again.

Gaz: Besides, any moron could fix the ship faster than you.

Dib peeks his head out again.

Dib: Well...

Dib leaps out.

Dib: Can any moron do... THIS!?!

Dib runs behind a shed while making a high-pitched squeal. He comes back dragging a huge cable with him. He plugs it into the ship, causing sparks to fly everywere. He presses a button. The ship begins to emit a glowing wave, which pushes him onto the ground. Suddenly, the whole city suffers a massive black-out. The sounds of car crashes and screams are heard.

Dib (O.S.): Sorry, everyone! ...Again!

Cut to Professor Membrane in the living room. The entire house is red with flashing lights. He looks at a monitor that shows a wire frame picture of the Earth with the words "POWER OFF". Professor Membrane pulls a lever and sparks shoot out. The monitor changes to say "POWER ON". The lights inside the house return to normal.

Prof. Membrane: Power is restored to the Earth once more. It's a good thing I exist!

Professor Membrane leaps into the air and shoots a beam of energy at the door, creating a hole where the door knob was. The door falls over with Dib and Gaz just standing there. They walk in and the TV turns on, displaying the words BREAKING NEWS then SANTA RETURNS.

Prof. Membrane: Oh no! Santa!

Professor Membrane shakes his fist. The TV shows a reporter on WHUH 6 News reporting live.

WHUH Anchor: Yes, Santa Claus himself has returned to his people and just in time for Christmas! Check out this footage!

Cut to footage of "reindeer" pulling Santa's sleigh. The reindeer are actually robots that look more like lumpish dogs. The reindeer at the front of the pack is Minimoose, wearing bells and a red nose. "Santa" is none other than Zim in a Santa suit that leaves a space open for his face. His sleigh is high-tech in appearence. GIR (wearing both his dog suit and an elf disguise) throws out presents from a large sack while yelling. The anchor appears over the footage.

WHUH Anchor: The response has been overwhelming!

The footage changes to show a citizen with braces.

Citizen: I can't believe he's back!

Cut to footage of a woman with 3 children.

Woman: My heart explodes with joy!

The sound of her heart exploding is heard. She makes a squeak and falls to the ground. Cut to footage of a crowd gathered around a stage where President Man gives a speech. A banner that says "WE LUV SANTA" hangs from the stage.

WHUH Anchor (V.O.): And even our President man has given up his power, making room for Santa.

President Man: It's all yours, Santa!

President Man mounts the podium. Cut to footage of the reporter interviewing Zim on the street.

WHUH Anchor: We have Santa himself in an exclusive interview! Santa, speak to us!

The WHUH Anchor holds his microphone up to Zim.

Zim: People of Earth, I have returned! To reclaim my rightful place as ruler of this world! All will obey Santa in this new world order! Oh yeah! Rejoice, brothers!

Crowd: Hail Santa!

The anchor chuckles.

WHUH Anchor: That sounds like a lot of fun.

Membrane turns off the TV. He squeezes the remote and begins to crush it.

Prof. Membrane: I've never trusted that jolly, fat man!

Flashback to Membrane as a child on Christmas, wearing a mini-version of the lab suit he wears as an adult. He walks over to his present.

Prof. Membrane: Oh boy! I asked Santa to bring me 12 cases of Uranium 238! Yay!

Membrane opens the present and pulls out a sock. More socks begin to spring out, then a whole stream of socks shoots into the air.

Prof. Membrane: Noo!! Santa has let me down! I will turn my back on him and devote a portion of my life to destroying Santa!

Membrane screams. The flashback ends as the socks pile up over him. Adult Professor Membrane stands up, grips his head, and runs screaming. Dib picks up the remote.

Dib: Jeez, Dad...

Dib turns the TV back on to the interview.

Zim: Oh yeahhh! And I command all you Earth monkeys to gather at the jolly Christmas rallies I'm holding all over the globe... to receive further instructions!

Dib: Earth monkeys!?! Oh no!

Zim (Echoing): Oh yeahhh!

Cut to a Stadium. Searchlights shine into the sky. Zim (in Skool boy disguise) stands behind the curtains next to his Santa suit, pressing buttons on a remote. Wires are connected to the inside of the suit through a hole where Zim's face would be. GIR in his dog/elf suit stands beside him, sucking on a candy cane.

Zim: We don't have much time! I only hope the suit can absorb all the Santa data! This is not going to be easy, GIR!

Zim runs to the curtains and peaks through at the crowd.

Zim: Look at all those... children!

GIR pops up from behind Zim's head, waving. They go back behind the curtains.

Announcer: People of Earth! I give you... Santa Claus!

The lights in the stadium turn on.

Crowd (Chanting): Santa! Santa! (over and over)

Zim's lawn gnomes, now made to look like elves, file out onto the stage. A glowing light shoots out from a hole in the center of the stage. Zim (now in his Santa suit) rises from the hole, under a cloth covering. He throws the cloth aside. The flashing of people taking pictures of Zim is seen. The crowd cheers excitedly. Zim leaps over into a huge throne. The "santa" chanting stops. The entire crowd has there arms up in the air. A sing-along begins, with Minimoose as the bouncing ball that tells you what to say. The lyrics are chanted as they appear. The song is accompanied by the dancing Lawn Elves.

Bow Down

Bow Down

Before the power of Santa

Or be crushed

be crushed

By

His jolly boots of doom.

The sing-along starts from the beginning. This time the Lawn Elves don't dance and Santa just blows kisses to the crowd.

Zim: Ho ho ho! Santa has returned for all the good little boys and girls of the world... to announce a new Christmas tradition!

The crowd gasps and murmurs.

Zim: It's the yuletide "helping of Santa to build a giant teleporter capable of sending all humans to their doom!"

Zim chuckles.

Zim: My Labor Sleighs will take you to the North Pole, where you will build the teleporter!

The Labor Sleighs lower down into the stadium.

Audience Member: Will being teleported to our doom be fun and Christmasey?

Zim: Ho ho ho ho ho ho! Of course it will, you hideous fool!

GIR rises out of the stage.

Crowd: Yaaaay!! Hail Santa! Hail Santa!

Some crowd members throw candy canes, which land at Zim's feet. A huge woman and a row of children stand at the edge of the stage.

Woman: Santa Master? These cute kids would love to sit on your lap and beg for presents!

A little girl runs forward.

Girl: Pweeeease, Santa? Pweeeeeeee-

The girl pauses for breath.

Girl: -eeeease?

Zim turns his head away from the crowd.

Zim: Great ghost of dooky!

Zim faces the crowd. GIR sucks on two candy canes at once.

Zim: Eh... um... Of course, filthies. Eh... Come to Santa.

GIR runs out of the way as a barrage of children fly at Zim. They cling all over him.

Zim: Ho ho ho! Ow ow ow ow ow! Ew, ew! Drool! Get off!

Electricity begins to surge through the suit.

Zim: Wait! What's happening!?!

The suit twists around.

Zim (Deeper Voice): What is the suit doing!?!

Zim suddenly looks happy.

Zim: Ho ho ho, children!

Zim hugs the kids.

Zim: I love you! All of you! Elves!

Some Lawn Elves pop up.

Zim: Wrap up everything I have and give it to these good people here!

The crowd cheers. The Lawn Elves grab random things from the stage and give them to the crowd. One grabs the wire connecting to a snowman with a view screen for a face that says "OBEY", causing the screen to go into static. Another grabs the snowman's hat. GIR walks by with a tiny Christmas tree. Some elves grab a wreath. One of the snowmen is also given to the audience. Zim suddenly regains control and stands up.

Zim: No! Give that stuff back!

Zim throws GIR, who was trying to pull out another wire.

Zim: And get off of Santa! Now!

Zim knocks all of the children off of him, sending them flying into the snow.

Zim: Get off! Get off! Get off!

Zim faces away from the crowd.

Zim: I didn't tell the suit to do any of that!

Dib (O.S.): What's the matter, Santa?

Zim turns around to see Dib standing on the stage.

Zim: Dib!

Dib: How do we know THIS is the real Santa?

Zim sits down in his throne.

Zim: Eh, of course I'm Santa! I have robot elves!

The Lawn Elves shoot lasers from their eyes up into the air.

Crowd: Ooooooh!

Crowd Member: Robot elves!! Just like in the stories!

Dib: What stories had robot elves? Everyone, remember last Christmas when you thought that escaped Gorilla was Santa?

Crowd Member: He wasn't!?!

That crowd member screams and slides down the shirt of another crowd member. The crowd boos and throws various things at Dib. A snowball hits Dib in the face. He wipes away the snow. Dib leaps back right before a car lands where he was standing.

Zim: Now, now. Christmas is a time to be kind to all the boys and girls of the world. Unless their heads are filthy with lies! To the jingle jail with the non-believer!

Lawn Elves pour onto the stage and surround Dib. Dib mutters and screams.

Dib: Nooo! Noooo!!

The crowd of Lawn Elves carries him off the stage. GIR rides on top of the crowd as well.

Dib: You won't get away with this, Zim! I won't let you ruin Christmas!

Zim: Ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho! Merry Christmas, Dib! Merry Christmas!

A large banner, with the 2-eyed Irken symbol wearing a Santa hat, unveils itself behind Zim.

Zim: Ho ho ho ho ho ho! Ho ho ho ho ho! Ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho!

(commercial break)

Cut to the room with Mr. Sludgy, 2 million years in the future.

Mr. Sludgy: Well, things looked bad for Dib. Zim had fooled the whole world. But he didn't know much about Christmas now, did he?

Mr. Sludgy winks.

Child (O.S.): I don't get it!

The child sits on a bed next to Mr. Sludgy.

Child: Why does he want to take over the Earth so badly? What does he have to gain, or to loose!?! And the mechanizations of this malfunctioning Santa suit completely elude me!

Mr. Sludgy just stares. He finally grabs the child by his head and sticks him underneath the bed.

Mr. Sludgy: As I was saying, things looked bad for Dib. Zim was already preparing for his trip to the North Pole when...

Cut to one of the Labor Sleighs preparing for take-off. Zim (in Santa suit) monitors the process on a hovering disk along with GIR (in dog-elf suit). Minimoose (with bells and red nose) follows behind them. Lawn Elves carry equipment and machinery into the Labor Sleigh.

Zim: Hurry it up! All this horrible jolliness is getting to me! You!

Zim points a candy cane at Minimoose. Minimoose squeaks.

Zim: Stop being jolly!

Minimoose makes a sad squeak. Meanwhile, a lone Lawn Elf is carrying the jingle jail containing Dib. The jingle jail has bars made of candy canes. The Lawn Elf tosses the jingle jail onto the floor. Zim, GIR, and Minimoose enter. The hatch of the Labor Sleigh closes and the it takes off. Minimoose moves some levers around in the control room. In the storage room, Dib watches Zim pace around and grunts.

Dib: Hmmm... Something has Zim worried. If I could just get out of this cell, I....

Dib pulls on the bars. He grunts as they break. Dib rolls out and the jingle jail collapses.

Dib: Hey!

Dib takes a bite of one of the candy cane bars.

Dib: These are made of real candy cane!

Dib notices Zim approaching and walks over to a nearby Lawn Elf. He grabs its hat, Elf ears, and beard while putring them on. Dib also imitates the creepy smile all of the Lawn Elves have. When the Lawn Elf doesn't react, Dib shoves it out of the way. Zim walks over to Dib. Dib tries to stand perfectly still. He shakes a little. Zim leans on Dib.

Zim: It's funny, robot Elf. I've never seen you before... but you're the only one I can talk to right now, you know?

Dib nods his head.

Dib: Hmmm... Hmm mmm!

Zim stands up straight and lifts his hand from Dib.

Zim: It all seemed so perfect!

Flashback to Zim's house. Cut to the lab. Zim is wearing his goggles and holding a large wire. A pile of a Vortian substance rests on a nearby disk.

Zim (V.O.): If there's one thing humans can't resist, it's a fat man with presents! So, I became that fat man!

Zim sticks a wire into the Vortian liquid. It starts to jitter around.

Zim (V.O.): The hardest part was making the Santa suit! I used a Vortian liquid substance.

Zim glances at a monitor that flashes different images of various people dressed as Santa.

Zim (V.O.): Every molecule is a tiny hard drive I filled up with all the Santa data I could find.

The Vortian liquid morphs into a Santa suit. The suit waves its arms.

Zim (V.O.): Look at that, that's my favorite part, there he gets all jiggly! Hehe, jiggly!

Time passes. Zim wears his skool child disguise along with a brain interface strip connected to his head.

Zim (V.O.): An ingenious brain interface allows me to command the suit! Thus, I become Santa!

Zim presses a button on his brain interface, as the Vortian liquid surrounds Zim and forms the Santa suit around him. The flashback ends.

Zim: But I think I'm losing control. I programmed it too well! 'Cause I'm amazing. And now it thinks it is Santa! Anything Christmasey makes it go crazy! And it takes over, filling me with hideous jolly feelings! I'd destroy it but I need to play Santa 'til I beam humanity to the Tallest as slaves!

Dib: Slaves!?! That's awful!

Dib covers his mouth.

Zim: Isn't it? But if this suit takes over, it'll ruin everything!

GIR walks in, out of disguise.

GIR (Singing): We wish you a merry jingly, we wish you a merry jingly, we wish yoooooooooou...

Zim: No, GIR! No!

The Santa suit starts to morph.

Zim: Stop singing! Nooooo!!

The Santa suit makes Zim jolly. He approaches GIR, meaning to hug him.

Zim: Ho ho ho! Little fellow, you're so cute!

GIR: I am!

Dib grabs a large candy cane. He swings it at Zim's suit, but it's absorbed by the suit. Zim turns around.

Zim: Wuh-ho ho ho! More Christmas power for Santa!

The Santa suit's gut bulges over and hits Dib. Dib groans as he falls to the floor, his elf disguise falling off except for one of the ears. Dib rubs his side and groans. Zim regains control.

Zim: Dib! Elves, seize him!

Some Lawn Elves approach Dib.

Zim: This time throw him in the actually strong jingle jail!

The Elves grab Dib and drag him towards the strong jingle jail.

Dib: Why didn't you throw me in the strong one in the first place?

The jingle jail opens and the Elves toss him in. It closes behind him.

Zim: You can never understand my amazing brain! Hope you like snow, Dib!

Zim presses a button and a trap door underneath the jingle jail opens. Dib screams as the jingle jail falls and lands on a platform of ice, floating in the Arctic Ocean. The Labor Sleigh flies off without Dib. A bit of water seeps into the jingle jail. Dib pulls out his laptop and presses some keys. Cut to Gaz, still hanging on the fence and holding her headless Bitey toy in front of the dog. Gaz groans. Gaz's watch beeps. She looks at it. Back at the arctic, Gaz's face appears on Dib's laptop.

Dib: Gaz! I'm trapped in a frozen wasteland!

Gaz: Who isn't?

Dib: And Zim's posing as Santa and he's gonna take over the world!

Gaz: That's great, Dib. Look, I gotta go.

Dib: Okay, Gaz. I think it's time I told you. The dog's innocent! I used Bitey the Vampire for a teleporter experiment and switched his head onto a fly's body!

Gaz gives a shocked look, the dog barks in surprise, and the Bitey-headed fly sits on a nearby flower.

Dib: So, if you wanna beat me up, you're gonna hafta rescue me first because—

Gaz blasts away the top of Dib's jingle jail with the help of Tak's ship.

Dib: Gaz?

Gaz: Get in.

Dib: Wow! Tak's ship! How did you-?

Gaz pulls Dib inside by his hair. The ice slab with the jingle jail sinks into the sea. Tak's ship shakes around and Dib yells as Gaz beats him up offscreen. Cut to the North Pole, where a giantic teleporter is being built. Some people carry a large part over to the teleporter. A large clock tower counts down to Christmas. GIR (in dog-elf disguise) stands on a balcony with a megaphone. He motions the workers with his arms.

GIR: Mmm mhmm, a little that way. No, a little back. Good, goood.

An explosion is heard.

Zim: GIR!

GIR runs inside. Zim holds a large screw-like device.

Zim: The teleporter is almost built, GIR!

In the background, a group of workers stop to sing "jingly bells".

Zim: This stabilizer should keep the suit from going crazy and ruining the ceremony!

Zim grunts and hold the stabilizer up to his head. The suit begins to wobble.

Zim: Nooo! Not the jingly bells!

Zim struggles to remain in control. He picks up the stabilizer and rams it into the head of hia suit. Sparks fly out and Zim regains complete control. Zim walks over to the balcony.

Zim: Enough jolly! Back to work, all of you! Christmas is almost here! The masses are coming! I need that teleporter!

Tak's ship flies along the icy landscape. Dib is bruised up and no longer wearing his elf ears.

Dib: I can't believe it! I finally fixed it! I'm actually flying in my own alien ship!

Gaz: You fixed it!?!

Dib: Well... I fixed most of it!

Dib presses a button and a monitor on the ship's dashboard goes from static to an image of Professor Membrane.

Dib: Dad! I need your help!

Prof. Membrane: Look son, I'm right in the middle of—

Dib: But it's Santa! He's...

Prof. Membrane: Santa!?!

Dib: He's evil! And he wants to annihilate all mankind!

Prof. Membrane: I knew this day would come! Son, I'm giving you full access to the anti-Santa arsenal I made when I was a child.

Tak's ship flies over a small piece of land among the ice with a huge stone sculpture of Membrane's head sticking out of it. The words "MEMBRANE: friend of the world enemy of Santa Claus" are written in stone.

Prof. Membrane: Good luck destroying Santa! And merry Christmas.

Cut to the North Pole, where a Labor Sleigh joins two that are already there. A large crowd of people has gathered. More exit the Labor Sleighs. The clock reads "10 MINUTES TO X-MAS". Minimoose (with bells and a red nose) floats up to a microphone on the stage. He squeaks and the crowd cheers.

Zim: Hehehehe.. Well said, Minimoose.

Minimoose floats away as Zim approaches the microphone.

Zim: people of Earth! The teleporter is ready! So get inside it, hurry up!

Crowd member (Trying not to cry): But Santa! It's Christmas Eve! Aren't you gonna sing Christmas carols?

The Santa suit begins to distort until the stabilizer absorbs all the jolliness.

Zim: No! No more singing! Time to teleport!

One person in the crowd rises up.

Crowd Member: And aren't you gonna give us any presents?

Zim: There's plenty of presents for you in the teleporter!

Zim knocks down the microphone.

Zim: Now go!

Another person in the back of the crowd runs towards the teleporter holding some kind of stuffed animal.

Person: Wheeeeeee!!!

He trips on the rim of Zim's teleporter and his stuffed animal bounces onto it. It's soon teleported. Cut to the Massive. The Tallest eat some popcorn. The stuffed animal is suddenly teleported in front of them, surprising them and making them drop their popcorn. Cut back to the North Pole. A cute child in the front row talks to Zim.

Adorable Child: But, Mr. Santa, before I go to my doom, can I have a hug!?

Zim: Huuuh!?!

Zim starts to back up. Zim groans. The suit begins to distort.

Zim: Child... so cute! I'm infested! Must resist! No! Nooo!!!

The stabilizer pops out. Zim backs up. Zim's face turns around to the back of the suit, and the suit turns around to align with the face a moment later. The suit's arms stretch down and pick up the child, then bring her back to Zim.

Zim: Of course you can have a hug, you cute little woogy!

Zim spreads his arms out, sending the child flying.

Zim: And lets all sing more songs!

Zim dances on the stage.

Zim: I am Santa! I am Santa!

The Santa suit slowly envelops Zim's face.

Zim: Nooo!!!

Zim's voice is muffled. Zim's face is replaced by an actual Santa face. Inside the suit, Zim floats around in a void among presents, candy canes, and other Christmas items. Zim's voice is distorted.

Zim: Help! It's all lost. There's no way I can get out of this suit now! The Santa has won.

Santa Suit: Ho ho ho ho ho.

Cut to the outside of the suit. The Santa Suit sings 'ho ho ho' to the tune of "jingle bells". GIR drags out a sack of presents. The Santa Suit tosses them into the crowd. A particularly large present crushes a man. Dib flies over the crowd in a large mech suit which lands at the back of the crowd. GIR makes an impressed noise.

Dib: Zim! Your Christmas time is up!

A compartment in the chest of Dib's mech opens up and a laser pops out. Dib presses a button labeled "CANNON" and the laser fires. It hits the Santa Suit and pushes it back, as well as destroying part of the stage. The crowd murmurs. The Santa Suit lies limp in the snow. It suddenly jerks awake with a demonic look on its face as it absorbs various Christmas items into itself. Huge candy cane spider legs emerge from the ice. The Santa Suit begins to mutate, expanding and becoming gigantic in size.

Santa Suit: Malfunction overload! Ho ho ho! You've been a bad little boy!

The Santa Suit's arms are replaced by candy cane-colored tentacles that merge together into a pair of candy cane hooks.

Santa Suit: Now Santa is going to destroy you!

The Santa Suit leaps over the crowd and charges towards Dib's mech. Dib falls backwards. The Santa Suit swipes one of its candy cane claws at Dib. Dib grabs the controls and moves the mech out of the way just in time. The Santa Suit instead hits the teleporter. The crowd scatters out of the way of the falling debris, except for 45. The Santa Suit swings its claws again and breaks off the laser cannon of Dib's mech.

Hunchback Woman: Rough him up real good, Johnny! Yeah!

Dib pushes a lever and a laser emerges out of the part of the mech modeled after Membrane's hair. The laser shoot at the Santa Suit, creating thick smoke. The candy cane hooks pop out of the smoke as the Santa Suit lunges at Dib's mech while roaring. The suit's tongue pops out with multiple prongs at the tip, which make grabbing motions at Dib. Dib presses a button and treads appear under the mech's feet. Dib pushes some levers and the mech begins to roll, pinning the suit against a wall. Inside the suit, Zim is awakened. The Santa Suit roars at Dib. Two large canisters on Dib's mech aim at the Santa Suit and open up, revealing a large amount of missiles. Dib presses a button and fires at the suit. The suit screams in pain. Zim screams as he starts to flow out of the suit. He falls out in a stream of liquid, pouring from a hole punctured into the Santa Suit.

Zim: Heh? The suit is weakened! Excellent!

Zim presses a button on his brain interface and the suit shrinks down to a toy-sized object. Zim kicks it into the mech's hand.

Zim: Now, Dib! Throw it into space!

Dib presses a button and the mech's hand closes into a fist. The fist aims upwards and shoots off into space.

Dib: I did it! Christmas is saved!

Crowd Member: Hey! That boy threw Santa into the cold void of space!

Kap'n Claw: Chwismas is wuined fowever.

Dib: Wait! Would the real Santa have mutated into a horrible blob?

The crowd glance at each other and murmur.

Dib: And would Santa have teleported you into space? You were so desperate for a real Santa that you believed a monster in a costume! That's not Christmas! Go home! Forget about this! And spend time with your families... er whatever.

Crowd Member: The giant metal boy is right!

Crowd Member: What fools we've been!

Zim (O.S.): Wait!

The crowd looks over at the broken teleporter, where Zim, GIR, and Minimoose stand, all in Platypus costumes.

Zim: Will you listen to the evil robot boy who destroyed Santa, or will you listen to... the Easter Platypus?

Zim begins throwing shrimp from a basket into the crowd.

Zim: Easter shrimp for all, if you tackle the boy who destroyed Santa!

Crowd: Easter Platypus, we love you!

Dib climbs down from his mech and sees all the crowd members looking at him angrily.

Dib: No! No! Wait!

The crowd members tackle Dib. Dib screams and mutters.

Zim: Well, my evil mission was a success.

GIR: No it wasn't!

Zim: Silence! And, uh, merry Platypus one and all!

GIR: Yaaay!

GIR falls over. Minimoose squeaks. Cut to Mr. Sludgy, 2 million years in the future.

Mr. Sludgy: That's the story of the most horrible Christmas ever! But Zim and Dib were wrong that day! Santa wasn't destroyed. Santa lives on.

Child: In the hearts and minds of us all? Hm!

Mr. Sludgy: No! In space! Gathering power! And every Christmas he returns to Earth-

The children cower and huddle together.

Mr. Sludgy: -and that's why we all live in this protective dome!

Red lights flash and alarms ring. Mr. Sludgy looks out the window.

Mr. Sludgy: Looks like Santa's here! Raise the shields, children!

A dome covers the city just as the Santa Suit lands on it, now covered in hair. It growls and gnaws on the dome. A giant plate of cookies and a giant glass of milk rise from the ground outside the city. The Santa Suit grabs a cookie and dips it into the milk, then eats it. It then growls.


The Massive drifts through open space. Zim's voice is heard.

Zim's voice: My Tallest! My Tallest! Hey, my Tallest! My Tallest! My-my-my Tallest! My Tallest! Hey, hey, hey, Over here! My Tallest! My Tallest! My Tallest! My Tallest! My Tallest! Hey, my Tallest, my Tallest, my Tallest! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! My Tallest! My Tallest! My Tallest! My Tallest! My Tallest! Hey, my Tallest! My Tallest! My Tallest! My Tallest! My Tallest! Hey! Hey! My Tallest! Muh-my... my Tall...

Cut to the control deck of the Massive where the Tallest stand, watching Zim broadcasting from his lab on their main view screen.

Zim: Hey, my Tallest! It's me! Look at me! My Tallest! My Tallest! My Tallest!

(finally stops talking, and awkward silence ensues)

Red: I was curious to see when you'd shut up on your own. But it's been THREE hours now, Zim. THREE HOURS! So... what is it?!

Zim: I just noticed that you're (GIR pops his head up at the bottom of the view screen, out of disguise) traveling closer to the Earth than EVER before!

Purple: How do you know that?

Zim: Oh, I know all kinds of things about you. Pretty creepy, huh? Anyhow, I was-

Purple: Hey! That is creepy! You're creepy, Zim!

Zim: Heh-heh... yes, I sure am.

GIR walks off.

Zim: Anyhow, since you're so nearby, you could see me initiate my newest, most DIABOLICAL plan TO DESTROY THE HUMANS!

Zim lifts up a plate of sandwiches.

Zim: I made sandwiches!

Zim makes a delighted squeak.

Red: Uh, look Zim, eh, maybe we'll stop by on our way back from... wherever we're going.

Zim: But-

Red: Sorry, Zim! Uh, we're being... attacked! By an enemy vessel!

Red shoves Purple, who yells. Red moves around as if the Massive is shaking while yelling.

Red: Gotta go! Gotta go!

Red turns to one of the communications officers and draws his finger across his throat. He presses a button and the transmission is cut off.

Red: Enemy vessel... hah! As if anyone would dare go up against the Massive.

Purple: Yeah, that is pretty funny... Hey! Someone's makin' doughnuts!

Red and Purple cheer and hover away. Cut to Zim's lab. Zim stands perfectly still, staring at the static of the view screen. Behind him, a turkey rests on a cart with flies buzzing around it. A fly lands on Zim's face and crawls around. Zim finally moves to brush away the fly.

Computer: Master! The Tallest cut the transmission an hour ago!

Zim: Hey! They did cut the transmission! The Tallest fail to understand that I'm inviting them for front row seats for the end of all MANKIIIND! My latest plan...

Computer (sarcastic?): The latest plan is about to explode.

Red lights on a large containment tank start to flash as an alarm blares. Inside the tank is a huge brain-sucking parasite. Zim types on the control panel below the tank.

Zim: D'oh! This thing needs constant adjustments to keep it asleep! But once let loose on the surface it'll eat the brains of all humans! The Tallest wouldn't wanna miss that! GIR!

The turkey explodes, revealing GIR inside.

GIR: It's me! I was the turkey all along!

Zim: I was wondering what that turkey was doing there. GIR! I'm delaying the brain parasite plan for now. I want you to-

GIR: I was the turkey! Me!

Zim: Yes... So you were... Look! Just monitor these containment levels! I have to go to the holo-interface room!

GIR walks over to the control panels to the tank.

GIR: Okee-dokee!

GIR starts pressing buttons very fast.

GIR: Look at me go! I'm doing it!

Zim: If those levels go critical even slightly —

The monitor shows a simulation with a man walking along.

Zim: — the brain parasite will escape into the base —

The simulation shows the parasite latch on to the man's head.

Zim: — and bring about a pain unlike any known form of pain!

The brain is sucked out of the man's head. A close-up of the brain is shown with a sad face on it, crying.

GIR: Wooo!

The monitor shows the tank levels. GIR presses buttons as Zim walks out. Cut to Dib's house, where an electric field is in place around the lawn. Gaz groans. Inside Prof. Membrane's lab, the Prof. works on an experiment. He has a welding tool that is sending out sparks. Gaz stand behind him.

Prof. Membrane: What's your brother doing this time? He's not trying to raise the dead again, is he? Always with the dead, that boy!

Gaz: He's... talking.

Membrane stops working and walks towards Gaz.

Prof. Membrane: Oh, is that all? Daughter, some people like to talk.

Membrane puts Gaz on his shoulder.

Prof. Membrane: Your brother likes to talk about INSANE things!

Membrane holds out his hand, which has glowing light behind it.

Prof. Membrane: Maybe he'll become LESS insane if you LISTEN.

Gaz: But his voice fills me with a terrible rage!

Prof. Membrane: I know it does, honey!

Membrane holds out his daughter.

Prof. Membrane: Heh heh, I know it does.

Membrane sets Gaz down and walks back to his work. Gaz walks out. Inside Dib's room, Dib sits at his computer while his glasses glow. He holds a pointer.

Dib: People, these are things that we have to study! We have to get right in, take a look at it, dissect it, have to remove things, have to understand, comprehend...

Gaz walks in. Dib's glasses are no longer glowing. Gaz sits on Dib's bed.

Dib: Anyhow, okay, let's look over the newer discoveries.

Flashback to Zim's house.

Dib (vo): First, you know all about how I planted the spy bug in Zim's lab during the whole Tak invasion?

Zim, Dib, and Gaz stand around in Zim's lab.

Dib (vo): Hmmm, yeah. You remember. Ahh. Wasn't that beautiful? Gah... let's go back there for a second.

Dib: Hey! Look at that garbage can!

Zim turns around.

Zim: Hmmm?

Dib tosses a large device at the wall. The device drills through the wall and is hidden within the circuitry.

Zim: Yes, it is rather impressive, that can!

The flashback ends.

Dib: I can spy on Zim in his own base!

Dib starts typing on his keyboard.

Dib: ...Not to mention steal data from his machines!

Dib's computer screen shows Zim walking through the lab. The screen goes into static and then switches to Tak's ship in the garage. It has a blanket thrown over it.

Dib: Second: Tak's crashed spaceship! I hid it in the garage. It doesn't fly yet, but I've been able to use the onboard computer to decipher Zim's data.

Gaz walks out.

Dib: Good idea, Gaz! Make some popcorn! We'll be up all night deciphering this stuff!

Gaz holds back her rage and then continues walking.

Dib: I wonder where Zim was going.

Dib's monitor shows a room in Zim's lab with an empty chair. Zim sings a song with 'doo dees doos' from off screen, then leaps into the chair.

Zim: Computer! Open a communication line with prisoner number seven seventy seven on planet Vort.

Dib: Planet Vort? Time to wake up, my little alien spaceship.

Dib's monitor shows Tak's ship in the garage. An Irken view screen appears in front of it with the words 'remote link enabled' written on it as well as images of Zim's Voot Runner.

Dib: We have work to do...

Computer: Remote link enabled.

The camera zooms out of Dib's room and into the garage. The control panel on Tak's ship flashes. Back at Dib's computer, Irken text is written on the screen. Another monitor shows the text translated into English. Dib reads the text.

Dib (reading): Planet Vort: Once an ally of the Irken Empire, the Vort supplied Irk with advanced military technology. Recently conquered by Invader Larb, Vort is now Irk's top military research prison.

Cut to Zim's lab. The lights are off and the view screen shows Vortian Prisoner 777. 777 sighs.

Prisoner 777: What is it this time, Zim?

Zim: Detailed control schematics for the Massive... and instructions for a remote command chair.

Prisoner 777: (fearfully) The Tallest's command ship!?! That would be wrong! It'd infuriate the Armada! (matter-of-factly) I designed that ship, you know. Here you go.

777 pulls out a circular device. A slot attached to a robotic arm emerges and 777 sticks the device into it. The data fills the screen. Zim laughs evilly.

Zim: With this, I can pilot the Massive and bring the Almighty Tallest here to witness my ingenious evil!

Zim laughs evilly. Cut to Dib watching on his computer.

Dib: Nooo!

Zim: I said evil!

Cut to Prof. Membrane in his lab.

Prof. Membrane (yelling): Son! There'd better not be any walking dead up there!

Cut back to Dib.

Dib: (yelling) It's nothing to worry about, Dad! And I said I was sorry about that! (to himself) Zim's bringing his leaders to Earth! Gotta act quick!

Dib leaps out the window. His pointy hair hooks over a cable and Dib slides along it towards the garage. He slides right into the garage and falls to the ground with a groan. Dib twitches and moans. He gets up and enters the garage, which opens for him. Dib pulls off the sheet covering Tak's ship. The windshield opens and Dib hops inside. The control panel lights up. Dib starts to press buttons. Cut to the control deck of the Massive. Red and Purple hold bags full of doughnuts. They shovel doughnuts into their mouths and make a lot of noise while eating. The deck crew stands behind them. A Vortian ship can be seen approaching outside the windshield.

Purple: Hey... whose ship is that?!

The Vortian ship stops directly in front of the Massive. The Tallest drop their doughnuts. The deck crew quickly grab them. Cut to the control deck of the Vortian ship. A small green alien vomits all over itself and then falls over. A large three-headed alien sets it upright. An armless insectoid alien with four legs scampers about. An alien with its brain hovering above its body presses buttons on a control panel. Lard Nar, a Vortian and the captain of the ship, sits in a chair connected to the wall by a robotic arm. Next to him, a funnel alien named Shloonktapooxis hovers.

Lard Nar: All right, this is it! Our first act of resistance against Operation Impending Doom II!

Shloonktapooxis: Woo! All right!

Lard Nar: That's the Massive out there. My people designed most of that thing, so I know how powerful it is... WE'RE GONNA DIE! WHOSE IDEA WAS THIS?!

Spleenk: Uh... mine. Sorry about that.

All: Awww....

Lard Nar clears his throat and composes himself.

Lard Nar: Ahem, well... If we can just knock a hole in one of the side storage pods, we can steal the snacks that fall out to feed the growing resistance.

Shloonktapooxis: WE'RE GONNA DIE!

Shloonktapooxis screams, cries hysterically, and bangs his head against Lard Nar's chair. He rolls around on the floor while mumbling in tears.

Shoonktapooxis: We're gonna... no..!

Cut back to the Massive control deck.

Purple: That's a Vort ship! I didn't think there were any of those left! Call them and tell them we're gonna blow 'em up! Hah!

A communications officer presses a button. Cut back to Lard Nar. An image of a happy animal on his arm rest lights up. Lard Nar gasps.

Lard Nar: They're hailing us! They're hailing us! Oh, quick! We need a name! We can't form a resistance and not have a name!

Shloonktapooxis: How 'bout the pirate monkeys! Issa awesome name.

Lard Nar: Hmmm.... No. We need something scary! Something to strike fear into all who hear of the resistance!

Spleenk pushes through the crowd.

Spleenk: I got it! I got it!

Cut back to the Massive. The communications officers press buttons. Red holds a boxing hand puppet of himself. He pretends to punch the Vortian ship. Purple holds one of the doughnut bags. They suddenly get a transmission from Lard Nar which covers the windshield view screen. The transition only shows silhouettes and everyone appears to be very tall.

Red: Identify yourselves.

Lard Nar (with voice synthesizer): We are the Resisty! We have come to strike —

Purple: Woowoowoowoowoo! Did you say the Resisty?

Lard Nar (with voice synthesizer): Yes, yes. The Resisty! Anyhow... we have come—

Purple: That's a stupid name.

The lights on the Vortian ship turn on, revealing that Lard Nar only looked tall because of his chair and everyone else was holding up cardboard cut-outs on sticks. They drop the cut-outs.

Lard Nar: See, I told you it was stupid! Why do I keep listening to you?!

Spleenk: I don't know...

Red (no longer wearing the puppet): DESTROY THEM!

The deck officers press buttons.

Red: Fire some kinda laser thingy at 'em... right now!

The laser on the front of the Massive charges up and begins to glow. The Resisty scream. The Tallest laugh and eat doughnuts. The Resisty scream some more, and the small green blob alien vomits. The Tallest shove their faces with food and laugh. Lard Nar and Shloontapooxis clutch onto each other and scream. The deck crew chuckle to themselves. The Massive suddenly jerks to the side and everyone in it is thrown off balance. The laser blast fires just as the Massive is jerked to the side by an unseen force. The blast misses the Vortian ship. Everyone inside the Massive screams as it starts to spin around out of control and drift away. The Irkens in the control deck are thrown around.

Purple: What's happening?! Why have we lost control?!

The camera zooms through the galaxy all the way down into Zim's base where Zim sits in a control seat that resembles the Massive. Zim bounces around in the seat and laughs. The view screen in front of him shows the view of space from the Massive as Zim pilots it towards Earth.

Zim: I can't wait to see the Tallest's faces when they get here! They'll be so happy!

The Massive flies into an asteroid and a small planet as it is pulled towards Earth. Both are destroyed on contact and neither slow down the ship. Inside, Purple is thrown back against a wall and Red crashes into him, his face slammed against the wall. They are still screaming. An Irken officer pulls himself up and peeks over the wall.

Irken Officer: My Tallest! Our weapons are offline! We're defenseless!

Red and Purple continue screaming. They get thrown against the main view screen and fall out of view, while Lard Nar is seen staring sternly on the screen. He grins with exuberance when he hears what has happened to the Massive.

Lard Nar: You hear that? Their weapons are down! After them! Get those snacks!

A gunning pod on the back of the Vortian ship aims at the Massive and starts shooting laser blasts at it. Inside the ship, Lard Nar glares fiercely in his captain’s chair while Shloonktapooxis bobs up and down, pressing a button to fire the gun with his tip. Inside the Massive, Purple floats through the air trying to grab doughnuts that are floating around.

Purple: (to Red) What are you doing?!

Red clings to a control panel and presses buttons.

Red: I'm running a manual diagnostic to find the problem!

Red points at a random Irken officer who floats by.

Red: You! Save the doughnuts!

The ship shakes violently again and the Tallest are thrown into the air. They yell. The Massive is pulled in the opposite direction, almost hitting the Vortian ship. Back at Zim's control pod, Zim presses a button repeatedly but doesn't get a response.

Zim: Hey! I didn't tell the ship to do that!

A hologram appears next to Zim that says 'new player' and then 'start'. A hologram of Dib sitting in Tak's cockpit appears next to Zim.

Dib: I told the ship to do that! And in case you're wondering, I'm using your computers to project this hologram of me and to control your leaders' ship.

Zim: Dib! Get out of my computer!

Zim swings at Dib, his hand going through the hologram. Dib yawns.

Zim: You'll ruin everything!

Zim grabs his controls. Inside the Massive, Red and Purple stand on a platform but get thrown off of it. They continue yelling. Zim pulls the ship towards Earth again.

Dib: Hey, quit it! Let go! It's mine!

Dib pulls his lever and the Massive veers toward a star. Red and Purple scream as they see the star directly in front of them on the main view screen. All of the deck officers pop up. The Massive flies very close to the sun.

Purple: It ain't so bad.

Red: I think so too.

The Massive flies into the sun. The Tallest scream as the Massive flies through it and out the other side. The Vortian ship catches up. Cut to the deck of the Vortian ship.

Shloonktapooxis: Woo! Anyone think that was cool?! Please respond!

Lard Nar: They're getting away! Let's go!

Cut to the Massive deck. Red stands at a sparking control panel.

Red: Hah! Voice interface back online! Computer! Check each system for cause of problem!

Purple hovers over to Red, babbling in a panic with a mouth stuffed with doughnuts. He holds the doughnut bag and continues shoving doughnuts in his mouth. He flies back and forth then hovers up towards Red, babbling incoherently and spitting doughnut crumbs everywhere. Red stares at him in confusion and apathy. Cut to Zim's control pod. Zim and Dib both grunt as they try and control the Massive. Zim stops and looks at the Dib hologram.

Zim: Is that Irken equipment you're using? That's Tak's ship your sitting in, isn't it?

Dib: Yes it is, Zim! It fell from the —

Zim: Isn't it?!

Dib: I said it was! Man, you have a problem with listening, Zim!

Zim: ISN'T IT?!

Computer: Warning! Parasite containment levels are critical!

A light flashes on the control pod. An alarm blares. Zim grunts.

Zim: GIR!

Zim hops out of his pod and scampers down the hall, making little grunty noises.

Computer: Warning! There's someone at the door!

Zim groans.

Zim: Let the robo-parents handle it! That's what they're for!

Cut to the front yard. Meef holds a box of candy and grins. The front door opens and the robo-parents stick their heads out, nodding and grinning sinisterly. Meef's smile fades away. Cut to the parasite tank. The lights on it flash and the alarm still rings. GIR lies on the control panel face-down in mashed potatoes. There are also muffins next to him. GIR blows bubbles in the potatoes but otherwise he is motionless. The door to this room opens.

Zim: GIR! Get up! What are you doing?!

GIR springs upwards.

GIR: I made mashed potatoes!

Zim approaches.

Zim: Yes... And muffins! Now fix the containment levels! Now, GIR!

GIR hops off the control panel and over to a control panel in the wall. Zim starts to walk away, but a monitor emerges from the wall.

Computer: Alert! Something is happening at the front door! Something... horrible!

The monitor shows the robo-parents in the living room tossing a screaming Meef back and forth, playing catch with him. An explosion is heard. Zim screams.

Zim: GIR! Take the Massive's controls in the other room! I have to go up above.

GIR runs out.

GIR: Yaaaay! I don't know what you just said!

Zim walks into an elevator tube. A hover platform lifts him up. Cut to the kitchen. Zim peaks out of the trashcan, now wearing his disguise.

Robomom: HEY! HEY!

Zim gasps. He hops out and runs to the door, where the roboparents stand, yelling into the street.

Robomom: Hey! Hey everyone! HEY EVERYONE! HEY!

Robodad has a shocked Meef's head in his mouth. Zim hops out in front of them.

Robomom: Come on over everyone and help us eat this little boy!

Robomom makes some noises. A crowd has gathered in front of the house. They murmur to each other.

Zim: (panicking) No! NO! We're normal! WE'RE NORMAL!

Robomom clamps her jaw around the other half of Meef's head. Zim does a little dance while singing with 'doo dee doos'. Zim grunts as he pulls Meef from the Robo-Parents’ toothless mouths and hurls him into the crowd. Unharmed, Meef flies into one woman and knocks her over. Zim dives into the house, knocking the Roboparents inside. He then closes the door. Zim pants. Robodad gets up.

Robodad: That's bad manners, son! I guess we haven't taught you well enough! We don't spend enough quality time together!

Robodad hugs Zim's head. Robodad grunts.

Robodad: TIME TO LEARN YOU A LESSON!

Robodad grabs Zim by the head and lifts him up, then strikes a pose.

Robomom: Awww... Let me get the camera!

Zim struggles and breaks free. He runs and they chase after him. Zim dives into the trashcan and they smash into it. Zim grunts as he hits the hover platform. It lowers him into the lab. The roboparents crawl down into the elevator tube and crawl towards him. They continue babbling.

Robodad: Pay attention to the maid!

Zim enters the Massive control room, pulling off his contacts as he enters. GIR hollers as he controls the Massive.

Dib: Hey! Quit it! You're messing me up!

The view screen shows a pixelated graphics image of the Massive as it bangs against some walls. It resembles an old arcade game.

Dib: It's my ship! Would you leave it alone?! Come on! It's my turn! It's stuck! You've been doing it wrong! Come on, let me try! Come on, give it to me! Please! You've had plenty of time! It's my turn! You're up!

Zim grabs GIR.

Zim: Okay, GIR! This is very important! Go back to the containment room and keep the levels right! Do you hear me?! This is your greatest moment ever! Now go!

Zim leaps into the control pod. GIR grunts and runs in place as if he is charging up. He goes into duty mode. He starts to run out the room screaming, but falls asleep on the floor before he makes it. He lies on the ground, sucking his thumb, in regular mode.

Dib: Tak's ship must be really powerful if it's more than a match for your entire base! You're losing, Zim!

Zim: Never! Check this out!

Zim presses a button. The Massive turns completely around, leaving a trail behind it. Dib starts pressing buttons, trying to regain control. Zim and Dib continue grunting and the Massive continues to get thrown around. The Tallest continue to scream. Inside the Vortian ship, Lard Nar watches in disbelief as the completely vulnerable Massive jolts and spins around uncontrollably. Cut back to the Zim's control pod.

Zim: You're nothing, Earth boy! Go home and shave your giant head of smell with your bad self!

Dib: Okay... There's all kinds of things wrong with what you just said.

Dib grunts as he pulls a lever. The Massive crashes into a large asteroid in an asteroid field. Zim grunts and pulls a lever, sending the Massive crashing into another asteroid. They go back and forth, each of them sending the Massive into different asteroids. Suddenly, the door breaks open and the robodad sticks his head through.

Robodad: Come on, son! Let's go PLAY in the TOILET!

Zim: Huh?

Zim screams and leaps at the door. He grunts as he tries to shove their heads back through the door.

Zim: Computer! Lay down a force-field!

The roboparents get the door fully open and begin to enter when a row of red laser beams appears in front of them, blocking their way and disabling them.

Computer: Shield in place! PS: I have located an alien monitoring device within the base!

Zim: Monitoring device? Hah! I found your spy bug, Dib! Computer! Lock onto Dib's transmission signal and transmit a little signal of our own!

Dib: What are you doing, Zim?

Zim: That's Irken technology you're sitting in, Dib! I'm just reminding it is all.

Dib pulls on the lever. Outside, electricity shoots out of the satellite dish on Zim's roof. It shoots all the way to Tak's ship.

Tak's ship: Security defense systems activated!

Dib is shocked. He falls slump for a second. The control panel flashes.

Tak's ship: Intruder detected. Get your filthy alien meat out of the cockpit!

Dib: What the—? Tak?!

Tak's ship: Almost! I'm Tak's downloaded personality interface and it seems you've stolen me!

Dib yells as he is tosses out of the ship. The cockpit retracts into the ship.

Dib: No! The Massive's almost here!

Dib tries to grab the cockpit.

Dib: You gotta let me in!

A hologram of Zim appears in the cockpit, laughing. Tak's ship unfolds, letting the side pods become claws.

Zim: It's over, Dib! Dun dun dun!

Tak's ship slashes its claw. Dib rolls out of the way. Out in space, the Massive is dragged along close to Earth with the Vortian ship right behind, still blasting lasers at it. The lasers spell out 'Resisty Rocks!' on the now heavily damaged Massive. The Massive is very banged up at this point. Irkens are still tossed around inside. Red stands at a control panel.

Red: I think I've located the source of the problem!

An Irken officer falls on the control panel.

Red: A signal coming from planet...

Red pushes the unconscious Irken officer out of the way, revealing Earth on the control panel.

Red: ...Earth, locked on to...

The control panel shows a beam connecting a spot on Earth and the Massive.

Red: ...OUR POWER CORE! Zim...

Purple pops his head in the way, eating doughnuts.

Purple: (with his mouth full) Are we gonna blow him up?

Red pushes him out of the way.

Red: Yes... But first thing's first. We've gotta ditch our power core! Beam the power core into the Resisty's ship! It'll be their problem!

Cut to the deck of the Vortian ship.

Shloonktapooxis: (speaking to Lard Nar) We have a problem, sir! There's good news... and bad.

Lard Nar: A problem!?! How!?! They're sitting ducks! Aside from all the insane flying around.

The Massive stops spinning as its power core is beamed out. The Vortian ship starts spinning and falling towards Earth after the power core is beamed into it. The Resisty’s ship is jolted violently, and everyone is knocked over, except the levitating Shloonktapooxis. Lard Nar grunts and gets up.

Lard Nar: Was that part of the bad news?

Shloonktapooxis: Yeah... Our power core has been teleported out of the ship!

Lard Nar: (panicking) And the good news!?!

Shloonktapooxis: Well, it's been replaced by a new horrible one!

Lard Nar's horn-like antennae twitch as he convulses and stares blankly in fear. Spleenk looks at a view screen that shows Earth as they get pulled toward it.

Spleenk: We're being pulled towards a nearby planet! We're gonna crash and it's gonna hurt and I don't want to!

Spleenk yanks his eyelids and falls to the ground, convulsing extremely fast and violently while screeching. Lard Nar emits a loud, high-pitched shriek, in terror, but quickly composes himself.

Lard Nar: Heh, uh, I mean... evacuate the ship!

The Resisty scream.

Lard Nar: Activate the shrinky self-destruct! No alien thieves are gonna steal the secrets of this ship!

An alien at a control panel presses a button and the shrinky self-destruct is activated.

Computer: Shrinky self destruct activated!

Lard Nar: Hear me, Irken scum! You have not seen the last... of the Resisty!

Lard Nar dramatically shakes his fist in the air. An explosion sends some of the members of the Resisty flying and screaming.

Lard Nar: That's right, that's still our name.

Some panels on the ship open and a bunch of escape pods jettison. They fly away past the Massive. Red and Purple watch, laughing and shoving doughnuts into their mouths. Cut back to Dib in the garage. He is on a high shelf with a rake and is hiding from Tak's ship. He pokes at it with a rake.

Zim: Hah! Watch, Dib! Watch as I bring a royal audience to the downfall of the human race!

Dib: I don't wanna watch that!

Zim: Oh, okay... Wait! that's too bad! because mankind ends now! And to make it even sweeter, I'll land the Massive right on top of your...

Tak's ship swipes the rake out of Dib's hands.

Zim: ...landing pad-sized monster of a head which is disturbingly large!

Dib leaps over Tak's ship as it swipes at him. He runs out of the garage.

Dib: Nooo! Quit making fun of my head!

Dib screams. Zim laughs. Tak's ship drags itself along with its claw. The garage door shuts on it. Dib stops in the street, panting. The Vortian ship breaks through the clouds.

Dib: Nooo!

He babbles as it approaches. As it comes close, it shrinks to a small size. It becomes smaller and smaller until it disappears with a 'poof.' Dib stands there in confusion. Zim watches from the control pod as an Irken symbol representing the ship disappears from the radar.

Zim: What?! Where did it go?! How?!

Zim bounces around in the control pod.

Zim: NOOO! My Tallest! TALLEEEEEEESST!

Zim stops bouncing around, then looks to his side. The Dib hologram is there, laughing. It fades away, but the laughing continues.

Zim: Laugh now, Dib! Laugh while you still have a brain to laugh with, because —

Computer: Emergency in parasite containment!

Zim: Eh?

The alarm blares. Zim screams. The glass to the parasite tank cracks. Zim bursts out of the room, pushing away the roboparents. He runs down the hall, panting. Cut to the Massive. A large device clings to the entire ship and works at rubbing off the words 'Resisty rocks!' The Armada begins to regroup near the Massive. Inside, the Tallest watch the view screens, which show static. A beeping is heard.

Communications officer: Long distance communication back online!

Red: Now, let's give our friend Zim a call!

Purple: Yeah... I'm gonna make him hurt...

The static changes to an image of the Irken corporate logo. It changes to a view from Zim's lab. Zim runs around with the brain parasite on his head. GIR eats mashed potatoes. RoboMom takes pictures of RoboDad holding Meef.

Zim: My brain! My brain! Me hurting to think!

Zim makes gurgling noises. Both Tallests watch on, aghast.

Purple: I'm going to throw up!

Purple hovers off with his hands over his mouth, making barfing sounds.

Red: No! Not on the doughnuts!

Moofy skips gleefully down the street holding a big box of Girly Ranger Cookies over her head. She bounces up to the front door of the house next to Zim's base. The neighbor opens it, and looks down at her. She holds out a package of cookies.

Moofy (cutesy voice): Wanna buy some chocolate-covered ninja star COOKIES, MISTER? HUH?

She grins winningly at him.

Neighbor (hands on knees): No, thank you!

Moofy starts to growl and squeal, and her eyes turn pure white as she vibrates in place menacingly.

Neighbor (Terrified): What are you doing? No! Get away! Stop... Auugghh!!!

Neighbor continues screaming as the camera pans upward to the sky above, where a couple of crows fly by as ripping sounds are heard over the helpless man's screaming. Pan back down to the doorstep, and we see that the man is now lying in a mangled heap, with several cookies rammed into his mouth.

Neighbor: Ehhh... Ehhhhhh....

Moofy looks with satisfaction at the roll of money the man "gave" her, then spies Zim's house. The neighbor continues groaning as the camera cuts to Zim's lab, where the Irken is typing in front of a containment tube holding two rotating squirrels.

Computer: Perimeter warning.

Computer unfolds a screen behind Zim, showing Moofy at the entrance to Zim's front yard.

Zim: Oh, what is it this time? I haven't the patience for... (notices the screen) AHH!!! GIRL WITH COOKIES! GIRL WITH COOKIEEES!!!!!

Zim points his finger up in the air.

Zim: COMPUTER! RELEASE THE ROBOT GOPHER!

A large Irken tube-thing slams into the floor, then goes back up, revealing the robot gopher, eye-twitching and rarin' to go. A mechanical arm snakes out from a compartment next to it, grabs the robo-gopher, and shoves it into a horizontal transport tube. Cut back to Moofy in Zim's front yard. She begins skipping down the walkway, like she did with her first "customer".

Moofy: Laa-laa-laa-laaa, la-la-la-la-I like to sell some COOKIES!! (spasms) Laa-laa-laa-laa, la-la-la-la-I like to sell some COOKIES!!!

Suddenly, the gnome right next to her begins to rumble ominously. With a worried look on her face, Moofy walks over to it. Meanwhile, just below Moofy's feet. the gopher begins burrowing across Zim's lawn. It tunnels out of the yard, loops around the cul-de-sac, and heads right back toward its target. It tunnels directly underneath Moofy and her foot falls in. She attempts to yank it out three times, but it's stuck tight. She shrieks horribly, and the box of cookie on her head magically disappears out of existence. Cut to Zim's lab, where the diabolical Irken is watching his gopher's performance through a periscope.

Zim: Excellent, gopher. JUST as I programmed you to do. NOW, COMPLETE YOUR TASK!

Cut back to Moofy, who is still trying to remove her foot from the hole, when the gopher emerges before her. Dramatic music plays as the robotic gopher towers over her, and the Girly Ranger's eye twitches. Abruptly, the robo-gopher starts dancing to a merry tune, and flies up into a portal to an alternate dimension. Cut back to Zim's base.

Zim: I... don't remember programming that.

Back in Zim's yard, Moofy is continuing to yank and squeal, attracting the attention of a nearby woman.

Woman: Good lord, that girl's stuck in some crazy hole of some sort! CALL THE MEDIA!

As if on cue, a news van flies up outside Zim's house and a news reporter exits the vehicle. Soon, a crowd of a couple thousand people appear out of nowhere.

Reporter: Sweet mother of corn! That girl's in trouble!

Grabs random guy's lapels.

Reporter: How's my makeup?

Jumps to where Moofy is stuck.

Reporter: Cameraas!!!

Camera-bots swoop in to focus on him and Moofy. Cut back to Zim, who is watching the whole thing with horror on a monitor in his base. He gasps in horror.

Zim (trying to reassure himself): OK, OK... I...I can fix this! Think, Zim.... I AM ZIM!!

Zim turns around and yells in terror when he sees that the whole thing is on the news. Cut to living room, where GIR is running around in insane excitement. He runs into Zim's base.

GIR: WE'RE ON TEEVEE! WE'RE ON TEEVEEEE!!!!

GIR leaps in front of Zim, and presses a button on the screen's controls, making it zoom in on the reporter, whose face is being powder-puffed by an assistant. Once done, his assistant steps out of the camera frame, and the reporter gives his newscast.

Reporter: A seemingly peaceful neighborhood. An innocent Girly Ranger...

Moofy grins sweetly from her perch.

Reporter: ...A horrible tragedy. Hundreds are gathered around this freakish home to provide emotional support.

Moofy pushes her head out from between the reporter's legs and waves at the camera excitedly. The reporter looks like he's in pain. Cut to Zim's base.

Zim: "Freakish home", that's good! But this has gotten out of hand. The child has brought unwanted attention! So many humans, blind as they are, might notice something about my secret base.

Goes over to a keypad and starts entering commands. A large screen opens on the front of Zim's house, and he begins to type "Earth Rocks" on it.

Zim: I'll have to step up the house's appearance to make it look MORE normal!

Multiple additional gnomes pop out of the ground in various places. Meanwhile, an Earth ambulance dispatches two heavily-armored rescue troopers, who approach Moofy with their hands outstretched.

Rescue Trooper #1: DO NOT BE ALARMED, WE ARE HERE TO HELP YOU!

Moofy clings to the gnome she's nearest.

Moofy: GET AWAY! GET AWAY!

She starts screaming again, forcing the rescue member to back away.

Rescue Trooper #1: Oh, nooo!

A camera-bot swoops down next to Moofy, showing her on camera. Quickly, Moofy reverts back to her cutesy persona and waves at the screen.

Moofy: (cutesy voice): Mom! Dad! Look at me! I'm in a hole!

Moofy giggles with nauseating sweetness as we cut back to Zim's base.

Zim: Roboparents! (He turns to a screen displaying their status.) Cloud their minds with some neighborly hospitality.

At the front door to the house, Robo Dad and Robo Mom appear, holding a newspaper and a toilet, respectively.

Robo Mom: Does anybody want MUFFINS? (Holds out the toilet.)

Meanwhile, Rescue Trooper #2 approaches Moofy with a giant pair of pliers.

Rescue Trooper #2 (deep voice): HI THERE!

Moofy panics and starts showering her would-be rescuer with mud, knocking him onto the ground.

Rescue Trooper #2: My goodness.

Rescue Trooper #1: IT'S WORSE THAN I THOUGHT! SOMEBODY CALL THE PRESIDENT!

Cut back to Zim's lair.

Zim: That should do for the base. And now, GIR, time for some A-MAY-ZING DISGUISES!

An elevator platform descends beneath him, and GIR follows after, with a barely suppressed laugh of glee. Cut to Zim's neighborhood, where an enormous crowd of people have flocked to the site of Moofy's "suffering". Dib comes up to the rear of the crowd, and observes the various attractions that people have set up for the event: one guy is selling "Moofy Feet", another is handing out T-shirts bearing the phrase "Free Moofy", and even a creepy-looking clown is handing out balloons. Dib approaches a nearby teen.

Dib: What's going on?

Teen: I dunno. (sotto voice) But don't eat the muffins!

Confused, Dib backs away slowly, then continues to run towards the front of the crowd until he sees Zim's house on a portable TV airing the News.

Dib: That's Zim's house!!

Some Guy: Sshh!

On-screen, the reporter is still prattling on about Moofy's ordeal.

Reporter: Here were are at minute four of this poor girl's ordeal. Moofy, how do you feel? Moofy!

The reporter pokers Moofy with his microphone.

Moofy: My leg is asleep...

She begins sobbing, then stops and smiles at the camera.

Audience: Aww...

Reporter: Just how many more minutes will she have to suffer before rescue crews can free her? Huh?

Dib: Why don't they just pull her out?

Man next to Dib: She's lodged in real good. I heard her foot's poking out over in China. Plus, she screams real scary whenever anybody comes near her.

Dib: Look at her. She's just smiling and waving. She just loves the attention. Wait a minute...

Dib has visions of himself running through the crowd towards Zim's house, dragging the Irken out and exposing him without his disguise. GIR casually lays on the ground posing, while Dib holds Zim out in front of shocked reporters. Flash back to the current time.

Dib: Attention! If I can get up there, I can expose him on national TV!

Cut to Zim's base. The news plays on a screen in front of GIR, who sits next to a bag of popcorn.

Reporter: I've recieved word that President Man himself is on his way to the scene to take over this delicate, delicate operation.

Zim: The Earth leader is on his way here? GIR, this is getting bad, very bad! Still, we may be able to use this.

Dib wades through a crowd of people.

Dib: Excuse me. Pardon me, let me... Excuse me, saving the human race here!

Dib bumps into a large woman wearing a girly rangers outfit.

Woman: Hey, watch where you're going!

She faces Dib, and three girly rangers appear from behind her.

Dib: Sorry, I have to get by. It's a... planetary salvation thing.

Woman: You've got to buy some cookies first to support Moofy.

She growls angrily. A girly ranger sitting on top of her head pulls out a box of cookies with Moofy's image printed on the front.

Dib: I don't have time for this. The world doesn't have time for this!

Dib tries to run past them, but the Woman blocks his route by smashing her massive arm in the road in front of him.

Woman: Don't you want to support Moofy?

Dib: Fine, whatever.

Dib reaches into his pocket and places something in the Woman's hand. He grabs a box from the girl and runs past.

Woman: Hey, this isn't money! This is ham! You can't pay for cookies with ham!

Dib: Why was there ham in my pocket?

The three girls make a formation and pull out cookies, shaped like actual ninja stars, while tossing them at Dib. He dodges them as the woman charge toward Dib through the crowd. A man in a "rescue" outfit holds out a doll in front of Moofy from a distance. He wears a thick layer of protective gear with flashing lights on it. Another one cautiously approaches her from behind.

Man: Hey, doody doody doo.

Moofy: Get away!

She screams loudly, making the man retreat.

Another one with a rope attached to him held by someone behind the fence slowly appoaches her.

Man (baby-talking): I'm only trying to help you!

She screams again, and the man is pulled away by a rope behind Zim's fence. Another one, with a cors attached, reaches down to her from a helicopter.

Man: Goodness gracious, let me get you out of there.

She screams again, making the helicopter pull away before raising the man again, knocking him into a house next to Zim's base. The garden gnome behind Moofy leans forward and rests on her back. She screams loudly again. We zoom out of the yard, of the neigborhood of the Earth, and finally of the universe as her screams continue to be heard. We arrive where the Massive and its ships fly through space. A few of them explode from the sound of her screaming, and we cut to the Tallest in the ship, where the echo of the scream finally stops, making them look up. Cut to Zim's house again, screens with president man's face on it hover above the crowd.

Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, all the way from president land, I give you president man!

President Man steps on the podium and wiggles his arms.

Reporter: Mr. President, what are you going to do to help this help-less child?

President: I pledge that this fine girly ranger will be rescued with both legs intact.

The crowd cheers. Dib continues running through the crowd and stops when he find Zim on TV, wearing a large, strange, costume-looking disguise. A tag with the word "HUMAN" is printed on it.

Zim: I think I may have discovered a way to end Moofy's pain; to end all of your pain.

Dib: Zim!

Zim: Mr. President, since the unfortunate filthy ranger won't let anyone close enough to rescue her, the only way to get her out will be to use sonic vibrations.

Reporter: Sonic vibrations?

Zim: Silence! And, yes.

A diagram of Moofy, the Earth, and a large machine appears on screen.

Zim: Using a giant nuclear-powered shaking machine, we can shake the entire Earth, jarring the poor girl loose.

The image shows the machine in Zim's diagram pounding the Earth, releasing Moofy, and, quickly before cutting away, shattering the planet. Cut back to president man in front of Zim on TV.

President: We don't have that technology.

Zim: You can borrow mine!

Dib: A machine like that would destroy the surface of the planet! All life as we know-

President: It just might work. People love shaking! Whoo!

Zim enters the house. GIR watches the news on TV.

Zim: GIR, let's get out of here! Soon, the Earth will shake until all of the humans are nothing but soup. Soup!

Outside, we pan to a tent surrounded by secret service men, labeled, "Command Center", next to two stands reading "Moofy Moon-walk" and "Moofy Merchandise".

President: You, get me the nuclear people on the phone! I want those vibrations.

Man: Yes, sir.

Dib enters the tent.

Dib: Wait! I have a better plan.

President: Who's that crazy boy?

Dib: Just tunnel under her. She'll never know you're coming so she can't fight it, and her leg will be fine. And, if you just happen to find an alien base down there, you can destroy it.

President: What's he talking about? Where's the charts? Where's the pretty pictures? This plan is stupid.

Man: I have the, uh, nuclear people on the line.

Dib: If you shake the Earth, we'll all be destroyed! That's what Zim wants.

President: That's a chance we're all going to have to take. Get him out of—

President Man notices something.

President: Wait a minute. Are those... C-Chocolate Ninja Star Cookies?

Dib searches himself and finds the cookies embedded in the back of his head.

Dib: Yes! Yes, they are.

President: Oh, I love Ninja Star cookies.

Dib: I'll make you a trade.

Cut to Zim's base. Zim and GIR are packing boxes on Zim's ship.

Zim: At last, GIR, we're finally through with this horrible planet.

Zim notices the TV.

President: Thanks to this delicious boy, we have a new plan for freeing young Moofy. We are going to use this digging machine.

Zim: The Dib. The Dib! I don't care how delicious he is, he's evil! Now they'll find the base. There's only one thing I can do.

GIR: You're gonna make biscuits? You're gonna make biscuits? You're gonna make biscuits? You're gonna make biscuits?

Zim: No, GIR. Never. I never want you to mention biscuits ever again.

Outside of Zim's house, the machine is starting. Zim comes outside in the "HUMAN" disguise from earlier.

Woman: Hey, what's that floppy guy doing?

Man: He's going to rip her leg off!

Zim: Get off my lawn, cookie beast.

Moofy: No! I'm going to be on TV forever!

Zim approaches her. She turns around and knocks him backward, barking like a dog. Zim jumps behind Moofy and releases her leg. The crowd is stunned. Eveyone stands with their mouths agape. The machine stops. Everyone begins cheering and Zim goes back inside. The rescue workers from before approach Moofy and she puts her leg back in the hole. They pick her up and hold Moofy in front of the cameras. She smiles and waves.

Reporter: And so, the saga of Moofy comes to a happy end, thanks the the efforts of this mysterious hero.

A painting of what looks like a normal human wearing Zim's disguise appears on screen next to the news reporter.

Reporter: No one knows who he was or where he came from, but we all know that he's here, in our hearts.

Dib appears on camera next to where Moofy was.

Dib: It's not a mystery. It's Zim! He's an alien, he lives right here! He tried to destroy us all!

Moofy is taken away in an ambulance and everyone leaves. Suddenly, Dib realizes his foot is stuck in the same hole from before. He struggles to get his leg free.

Dib: Hey, I really am stuck! Wait, come back! Help!

The news van leaves as Dib is crying for help. Zim comes outside, whistling "If You're Happy and You Know It" and holding a gopher. He drops the gopher, waves at Dib, and laughs maniacally before returning inside. The gopher comes over to Dib. Dib starts screaming in pain as the gopher does something we can't see from our view of him from the neck up. The sign saying "Earth Rocks" quickly flickers to static. It passes to night time. Dib shakes in fear as the robot gopher dances in front of him and Zim's gnomes make circles around the two.

Dib (Horrifed): Help...


Cut to the Membrane home. Blue light sparks from inside the open garage. Inside the house, Gaz stands in front of a floating view screen that displays Professor Membrane.

Prof. Membrane (recorded message): Kids, I'm glad we could have this dinnertime recording together. Now, Gaz, if you could just put that can of beans in the proton oven! Be sure to take them out of the can or the explosion will destroy all human life!

The proton oven opens. "Human life" echoes in Gaz's head. Gaz grabs a can of Explodey Beans and places the whole can in the proton oven. She presses a button, but the power in the oven goes out.

Gaz: Dib!

Dib runs out of the garage.

Dib: Sorry, Gaz!

Tak's ship crawls out of the garage and spears the ground with its claws.

Dib: Just doing a few adjustments to Tak's ship!

Inside the house, beans spew out of the proton oven. Gaz glances around, then places two more cans of beans into the oven. The bottom of the oven blows off in a lackluster explosion.

Gaz: That didn't wipe out all life as we know it!

The world around Gaz becomes a scorched inferno.

Gaz: YOU LIED TO ME, DAD!!

Outside, Dib dodges the claws of Tak's ship. The ship grunts (in Tak's voice) as it struggles to move forward but finds that a thick wire is attached between it and machinery in the garage. The wires break free and whip around, puncturing a shack behind Dib. The ship crawls around wildly now.

Tak's ship: Unauthorized access! Get away or I'll chop your legs off!

In the rampage of Tak's ship, a lamp post is broken. Dib grabs the sparking remainder of the lamp post and holds it as a weapon.

Dib: Let's see how you like this! Nyah!

Dib prods Tak's ship with the lamp post. It jitters as the electricity flows through it. Dib jabs it again.

Dib: Hah!

The ship powers down and the windshield opens. Dib leaps inside. Gaz stands at the window briefly.

Dib: Tak had downloaded her personality into the computer, so it might be possible for me to download mine. Gaz, are you listening to me explain all this?

Dib presses buttons on the control panel.

Tak's ship: No! Stop what you're doing! You'll never destroy me! Yooouuuoooouuuu.....

A control panel emerges displaying an image of Tak's Irken symbol. A helmet device attaches to Dib's head. Two drills enter either side of the helmet. Electricity flows into Dib. Dib screams and babbles. Tak's face on a monitor screen is replaced by Dib's face. Dib's face on the monitor screen grows happier and happier. Dib struggles to press a button.

Dib: Stop!

He presses the button and the drills and helmet remove themselves.

Dibship: Personality transfer complete. Rebuilding- Hey! Who're you!?!

Dib: I'm Dib.

Dibship: No you're not! I'm Dib! I feel funny! What's happened to me?

Gaz exits the front door.

Gaz: Dib! Come eat your stinking food!

Dib: Um... I can explain later! Stay calm!

Dib runs inside.

Dibship: Wait! Stop! That's my dinner!

Dib runs to the dinner table. The recorded Membrane monitor screen holds two bowls of beans in mechanical arms. It is on a constant loop.

Prof. Membrane (recorded message): Do you love me? Do you love me? Do you love me? Do you love me? (continued)

Gaz: It won't give us dinner until you enter your approval code!

Dib presses the 'YES' button. Triumphant music plays.

Prof. Membrane (recorded message): And I love you, kids! The eating begins now!

The monitor screen holds out the bowls of beans. The monitor flies away. Dib takes a bite.

Dibship: Hands off my food, imposter!

Dibship bursts through the wall.

Gaz: Hey! You're getting chunks of wall in the food!

Dibship: Don't panic, Gaz! That's not really me! He must be part of Zim's latest plan to replace me! Or something!

Gaz: Whatever.

Gaz tosses a chunk of wall out of her beans then shovels a handful into her mouth. She walks off with the bowl. Dibship grabs Dib's bowl with a wire tentacle.

Dibship: Gimme that!

Dibship tosses the contents onto himself.

Dibship: Yum!

Beans splatter all over Dib.

Dib: Look! Put the food down and I'll explain everything!

Cut to the outside of the house. Dibship paces around.

Dib: I know. The philosophical implications are quite... philosophical.

Dibship: But I remember everything!

A monitor screen emerges from Dibship.

Dibship: I remember being a baby...

The monitor screen shows Dibship as a ship baby.

Dibship: My first ghost baby sighting...

The monitor screen shows a young Dibship next to a ghost baby.

Dibship: My first baby alien encounter...

The monitor screen shows Dibship holding two alien babies.

Dibship: Riding an alien elephant baby at Dad's genetic mutation fair!

The monitor shows Dibship on top of a tiny elephant creature as Professor Membrane pops in giving a thumb's up.

Dib: Your memories are really of me doing all of those things! You have a copy of my magnificent brain inside you!

The monitor screen retracts into Dibship.

Dibship: No! It's all lies! You're a clone! Zim must've sent you! I'm gonna stop you, because I'm the real Dib! I'm the real Dib! Not you!

Dibship pounds the ground with his claws.

Dibship: I'm Dib! I'm Dib! I'm Dib! I am Dib! I'm Dib! I'm Dib! I am Dib! I'm Dib!

Dibship trips Dib with his wire tentacle. Dib gets up and enter the cockpit of Dibship. Dib presses a button and shuts down Dibship. Dib sighs.

Dib: I'm keeping you in sleep mode until I can sort this out.

Dib leaps out of the ship.

Dib: Am I really that annoying?

Dib goes back inside. The Dibship reactivates. Cut to Dib sleeping in his bed. Outside, Dibship sends its wire tentacle slithering along the ground.

Dibship: All right, time to go to work.

The tentacle bursts through Dib's window with a painful shout. The tentacle looks at the drooling Dib. As it looks around, it knocks over some shelves. The tentacle looks back at Dib to make sure he is still sleeping. The tentacle accidentally wrecks more stuff. It looks at Dib's alarm clock as it turns to 1:12 AM. The tentacle blasts the alarm clock.

Dibship: That should stall him.

The tentacle looks at Dib and laughs evilly. The tentacle retracts back into the Dibship.

Dibship: Hey... I don't remember having tentacles...

Dibship transforms into a more Dib-like appearance. Cut to the next morning. The skool bus stops in front of the Membrane home. Dibship lumbers over to the bus, wrecking things as he goes. Mathew P. Mathers III leans out the window and vomits. The bus door opens.

Dibship: Good morning!

The bus driver screams. Dibship accidentally tips the bus over as he attempts to get in. All the children run out, screaming.

Dibship: I guess I'll be walking!

Cut to the skool. More children run away from the oncoming Dibship in the playground. Dibship looks into the window at the cafeteria. Children gather at the window.

Poonchy: Hey! Dib's bein' all weird and giant again!

Dibship looks angrily at Zim, who sits in the cafeteria with his back turned, poking his food. Dibship bursts through the wall. The children run. Dibship approaches Zim.

Zim: Dib's looking a little bit different this filthy Earth day. Wait a minute!

A mechanical arm emerges from Zim's Pak and hands him a scanning device. The mechanical claw retracts.

Dibship: I spotted your fake Dib-double, Zim! You already tried that once before and it won't work this time either!

Zim's scanning device analyzes Dibship.

Zim: Hey! That's an Irken power signature inside of you! You're Tak's ship!

Dibship: What are you talking about!?! I'm Dib! I'm Dib!

Dibship gets on the ground and babbles.

Zim: Of course you are! Of course you are!

Zim presses a button on the scanning device. It displays the message 'INITIATING CONVERSION PROCESS.' It then shoots a beam of energy into Dibship, who screams.

Cut back to the Membrane home. A man pushes the skool bus off of the ground and a tow truck tows it off. Dib snaps awake. He looks at his alarm clock, which has a hole in it.

Dib: What the-?

Cut to Dib running out of the house with a book.

Dib: I'm laaaate!

As Dib runs down the sidewalk, Dibship (now with its ship appearance again) runs across the roofs of houses. As Dib runs across the street, Dibship leaps into the forests of Hurt Park. Dib runs into Hurt Park and right past Dibship. Dib stops and walks back to where Dibship rests.

Dib: How did you get out here? Wait... You shut my alarm off, didn't you!?!

Dibship: I'm sorry, Dib. I tricked you and escaped. I thought I was the real Dib but I was confused. Would you like to get inside and I could take you to skool... pal?

Dibship's windshield opens. Squirrels walk around on the control panels. Dibship puts a claw behind Dib's back in a friendly gesture.

Dib: Wow. Really? Are you sure?

Dibship: Then we can repair my flight systems together! Just Dib and Dib!

Dib: Man! This is too amazing! With your help, we can get you flying again! Just think of all the places I can go!

Dib enters the cockpit. Dibship wraps Dib up in wires. Dib screams. The windshield closes and Dibship leaps up into the air. Dibship then runs along a pathway through Hurt Park.

Dib: Ahh! Nooo!! Wait! Where are you taking me!?! No!

Dib screams as Dibship runs out of the park and over a building. They end up over the Skool.

Dib: Bad ship! Bad!

A monitor inside Dibship shows Zim. Zim is in his skool kid disguise and has a twig in his wig. Zim laughs evilly. Dibship lands in the back of the Skool near some tables. Donkey 9 screams and drops her tray of food.

Dib: Zim! That figures! Your controlling the ship from your base, aren't you?

Zim: No, Dib! I am riding on the back of the ship right now!

GIR stands next to Zim on top of Dibship. GIR is in his dog suit and pretends to be a squirrel, gnawing at an acorn. Zim pulls the twig out of his wig. Dibship knocks over all the tables by swishing his wire tentacles. Dibship then runs off.

Cut to an office building. A man in his office holds a stuffed bunny. Dibship runs by outside the man's window on the roof of the adjacent building.

Dib: Heh, that's pretty stupid. Couldn't you just control the ship from your base?

Zim: Well, uh... Silence! Soon you will be dumped in the city cess pool, where your innards will melt for millions of years!

Dib: Ha! The ship would never do that to me!

Dibship leaps off of one roof and clings to the wall of another building. Dibship scales the wall.

Dibship: I must obey the Irken Empire!

Zim: You see, your ship obeys me now! Ship- make him sick!

Dibship: I obey!

Dibship leaps off of the building and spins around in the air. Everyone screams. Dibship launches its tentacles out and clings to the surrounding buildings, skidding to a stop.

Dib: That was stupid! Again!

GIR: Oooooh.

Zim: Silence! I'm ingenious!

Dibship continues on and leaps over more roofs.

Dib: There must be some little piece of me still inside of you!

The Dibship monitor screen shows a pair of alien ghost bee babies.

Dib: Ship! Can you remember our fifth birthday when we fought off that swarm of alien ghost bee babies?

Dibship: Nooo!! No!!! I-

Dibship stops at a building ledge. The ledge begins to crack.

Zim: Obey me! You are Irken property!

The ledge crumbles and Dibship plummets downwards. Everyone screams. Dibship stops when he collides into the 'H' of 'HOTEL' sign.

Dib: And do you remember the time we saved a bus-load of horrible kids from a nut-eating moose? The kids gave me a wedgie!

The monitor screen shows Rob giving Dibship a wedgie.

Dibship: Wedgie... errr... It hurt so bad!

Zim: Obey me, ship thing!

Some birds fly by. Zim watches the birds and then notices the cess pool in the distance.

Zim: Ah! The cess pool! Prepare for your smelly demise of smeelll!

GIR now has a container full of acorns.

GIR: I like corn! I do.

Inside the cess pool, a crane attached to the perimeter lifts up a container full of filth. Dibship leaps onto the cess pool and begins scaling the massive crane. Zim and GIR laugh.

Dib: No! Ship! It's not too late!

GIR tosses acorns out from his container. The crane driver watches Dibship from inside the cockpit of the crane, pressed up against the windshield. The windshield breaks loose and the crane driver plummets into the cess pool.

Dib: Ship! Remember! Remember who I am! Who you are!

Dibship extends the cockpit holding Dib out of itself and over the cess pool. The wires unwrap from Dib and the cockpit begins to rotate around, dumping Dib in. Dib grabs the edge but is only able to hold on by one hand.

Dib: Who... we are! Who... I am!

Dib starts to slip.

Zim: No! Listen to Zim! Hear me!

Dibship grabs Zim in his claws and spins him around, then launches Zim off into the sunset. Dib slips and plummets downwards, screaming. Dibship whips his tentacles around and catches Dib with them. Dibship brings Dib back up.

Dibship: I AM Dib!

Dib leaps up triumphantly.

Dib: Yes!

Dibship: Everyone thinks I'm a freak!

Dib: Yyyyes!

Dibship: I'm a loser!

Dib: Um... That's kinda mean, ship.

Dibship: This... knowledge is horrible! I can't live like this! Must erase personality programming! Life passing before my eyes... backwards!

The filth-covered crane driver clings to Dibship's tentacles. A pigeon collides with him and he falls back in.

Dibship: There's that lunch I had yesterday. There's that wedgie. And there's Zim coming to Earth and that other wedgie.

Time passes. It is night. A can floats in the cess pool. A fishing bobber drops in the water as GIR starts fishing from Dibship. GIR hums.

Dibship: And there's me eating a sandwich. Mmm, leftovers. There's me in the bathroom. I was sick that day.

GIR reels in what appears to be a squirrel. Dib holds his nose.

Dib: Can you hurry? The smell's getting to me.

A pigeon swoops by and snatches the squirrel GIR caught, dragging GIR away with it. GIR screams.


Cut to the Skool playground. Students march through the mud-covered blacktop.

Coach Walrus (VO): I have shown you the horrors of war!

Keef trips and lands in the mud.

Coach Walrus (VO): The devastation of famine!

A pigeon steals food from a trashcan.

Coach Walrus: Pictures of my birth! But I don't think you comprehend what awaits you in adult life!

Dib and Zim are behind Coach Walrus wearing Bludgeon Ball suits, with massive ball-shooting cannons. The rest of the children are gathered in front of the coach. Willy grunts.

Coach Walrus: To better prepare you for the inevitable character-building horrors, we will now play bludgeon ball! It's fun!

Zim and Dib turn to face each other.

Dib (thinking): So, it's human against alien! Ironic I should face my enemy in this stupid barbaric game! Let this be our battlefield.

Zim (thinking): It's the size of a hippo, that head!

Coach Walrus blows the whistle. Dib immediately launches a barrage of bludgeon balls. The class watches in glee as they approach Zim. Dib laughs. Samichy takes a bite of his sandwich and walks off. The balls make their way towards Zim, moving at fast speeds yet never seeming to reach him. Doot jump ropes and hums. The balls still make their way towards Zim. Cut to Doot going to sleep in her bed.

Zim: Hmm?

The balls continue making their way towards Zim. A fly lands on Dib's glasses and he blows it away. Zim groans as a ball finally hits him. We see an instant replay from different angles. Dib squeals with glee. Zim is sent flying. His Bludgeon Ball suit detaches, as well as one of his contacts. He hits the ground and rolls. Zim notices his contact on the ground next to him.

Zim: Hmm?

Morla bursts out of the pile of bludgeon balls.

Morla: Whoa! Look at his eyeball!

Peyoopi and Speegly burst out of the pile of balls to see Zim.

Dib: The eyeball of an alien invader!

Zim: Lies! Lies! Have you never heard of...pinkeye?! It is a normal human illness.

Zita: Yeah, Pinky has it pretty bad right now.

Zita motions to Pinky, a kid with a grotesque eye with stitches on it. Pinky waves his right arm. Dib groans.

Morla: Yeah. Zim's just sick and ugly.

Zim puts his contact back on.

Dib: But...No pinkeye! Green skin! Red things! Da-oh!

Dib fall backwards, hitting the bludgeon ball cannons against the ground and causing them to shoot a barrage of balls into the air. They fall back and hit Dib in the head. Dib yells in pain as each one hits him. The children laugh.

Coach Walrus: Your screaming was amusing for awhile, Dib, but now you're just scary!

Dib gets up.

Coach Walrus: Go to the counselor's office!

Dib wanders away, groaning.

Zim: Yes, I am normal! So normal and....ugly am I!

The children nod. Cut to Mr. Dwicky's office. Dwicky rubs his feet together. Dib takes a seat.

Mr. Dwicky: Hi! I'm Mr. Dwicky, the new counselor!

Dib: What happened to the old counselor?

Mr. Dwicky: Something... horrible!

Dwicky shakes and cowers while biting his fingernails, looking up at the vents.

Voice in vents: Help...meee....

Dwicky goes back to normal.

Mr. Dwicky: So! You wanna tell me what's wrong?

Dib: Nothing.

Dwicky opens a drawer.

Mr. Dwicky: This file suggests otherwise.

Dwicky places a huge file with a police profile of Dib on the cover. A large bolt holds it together.

Dib: Doesn't matter. Nobody believes me.

In the vents, something watches them while breathing slowly.

Dib: The earth's been invaded by an alien! He goes to this skool and my own people help him by being so ignorant! You can laugh now. I'm crazy and full of lies.

Dwicky pushes Dib's file aside.

Mr. Dwicky: Actually, I always believed in aliens! But I never found any proof so I did the next best thing. I work with public skoolchildren. They're scary too!

Dwicky cowers and shudder.

Dib: I've got proof!

Dib gets out his laptop and places it on Dwicky's desk. It shows a rotating model of Tak's modified Spittle Runner ship.

Dib: This is an alien spaceship I captured!

Dib presses a key and the laptop shows GIR (in doggy suit) dumping out the trash.

Dib: And here's Zim's robot dog taking out the garbage. I try to go through Zim's trash once a week. Mostly I just find burnt gerbils and worn down rubber piggies but...

Dwicky appears behind Dib, leaning on his chair.

Mr. Dwicky: So the dog brings out the trash!?! How can it even hold things with those nubby arms?

Dib: I know! And no one else thinks it's weird! Or like how Zim doesn't have ears or how he doesn't think ponies know what we're thinking.

Dwicky is now back in his own chair drinking coffee. He lunges foreword, spilling his coffee. Dwicky closes Dib's laptop.

Mr. Dwicky: Whoa! Calm down! I believe you, Dib!

Dib: You... you.. you... you believe me?

Sparkles appear over Dib's head.

Dib: Wait a minute! You escaped from some experiment where they hit you in the head with car doors, right?

Dwicky examines a photograph of an alligator about to clamp down on his head. Dwicky laughs.

Mr. Dwicky: Almost! But no! I really do believe you! I even wanna help out!

Dib: A team? Really!?! Two believers against the world! And Zim!

Dib grabs his laptop and runs to the out the door. He turns around in the doorway.

Dib: If you're serious, meet me after skool is out!

Mr. Dwicky: You got it, partner!

Dib: ...Partner...

Dib runs out. A teacher stands next to Dwicky, holding a cup of coffee.

Teacher: Dwicky! You really believe in aliens?

Dwicky laughs.

Mr. Dwicky: Not anymore! All the child-like wonder was ripped from my heart the day my foot got stuck in an escalator and aliens didn't come rescue me.

Dwicky's right leg is mangled up. The teacher sips his coffee.

Mr. Dwicky: No, I'll just humor Dib until he tells me what the real problem is.

The teacher screams and hurls his cup of coffee.

Teacher: That's psycho-technical talk!

The teacher slides down onto the floor.

Mr. Dwicky: Indeed it is.

Cut to Dib's house. Several used rubber piggies lead up the sidewalk to the house. An electric fence is activated. Inside the living room, a burnt gerbil among a huge garbage pile coughs. Large amounts of used rubber piggies make up part of the trash heap. The heap is labeled 'FRIDAY 10/7.' Dib and Dwicky sit on the couch. Dib's laptop is on the table in front of them. Another garbage pile is behind them.

Dib: We teamed up just in time for you to help out with my plan to get Zim to confess his alien self to the world.

Mr. Dwicky: Hey, that sounds fun! What's that?

Dib's laptop shows the schematic of an alien device.

Dib: A schematic for an alien identification transmitter. I yanked it from Zim's computer. You can send messages with encoded signatures from alien races.

Mr. Dwicky: You know, if it works, we could pretend we're aliens, and send Zim a transmission, setting him up for a trap!

Dib: Right! We could catch him on video without his disguise! I was gonna use it to call him names in alien languages, but your plan's cool too.

Cut to Zim's base. Zim and GIR (in their disguises) stand in one of the underground lab rooms. Zim holds a fishbowl and a globe. Zim shoves the globe into the bowl, squishing the fish up against the glass.

Zim: Now do you understand my latest and most brilliant plan for Earth conquest, GIR?

GIR: I gotta eat that fish!

Zim: No, GIR. The fish is part of the plan.

A monitor beeps. Zim gets a transmission from Dib and Dwicky. They appear as silhouettes, wearing chickens on their heads. Their voices are disguised.

Mr. Dwicky: Is it you, Irken Zim?

Zim: Yes... I am Zim! Who're you?

Mr. Dwicky: We are Digzum and Commodore Sloat of the planet Plookesia.

Dib clears his throat.

Dib: We have crash-landed on this horrific planet, and you have some materials we could use for repairs, ya know?

Zim: Give me one reason why I should help you!

Zim hands GIR the fish bowl.

Dib: A trade! In return for your help, we will give you some super weapons! We would be most grateful, you jerk!

Zim: Eh? I could always use more super weapons. You might now know this, but I'm, uh, sorta gonna wipe out all the life of this planet.

Mr. Dwicky: Great! We'll meet you in the woods in one hour!

Dib: Oh, and don't wear a disguise! Just so we know you're not a human!

Zim: The woods, huh? Vague, but okay. But those weapons better be super!

Dib: Oh-ho, they'll be super! They'll be so super, you'll rue the day you ever messed with planet Earth!

Dib laughs evilly for a while. GIR grabs the fish out of the bowl. He tosses it in the air and tries to catch it in his mouth, but it hits him on the head and bounces off some where.

Zim: He seemed like a happy guy.

Cut to the woods. Dib sits on a log holding a camera, and Dwicky sets up some more equipment.

Dib: This is gonna be great! Today we expose Zim for the evil base that he is!

Dib strikes a dynamic pose on the log and grunts as he tries to hold it. Time passes. Dib and Dwicky sit on the log. More time passes. It is dusk. Dib draws a picture in the ground with a twig of Zim in his base. Dwicky looks at his watch.

Mr. Dwicky: Okay, I don't think Zim's showing up, Dib. Maybe it's time you two stopped playing and told me the real reason you're so frustrated.

Dib: Playing!?! This isn't playing! This is...

Dib drops the twig. Dib springs of the log and points at Dwicky.

Dib: You don't believe me! You... I thought you were different!

Mr. Dwicky: Look, I know you think I lie, and I did, but I was only trying to help.

Dib: Isn't this just great!?! While you waste my time, Earth gets one step closer to being taken over! That's my problem right there! My problem is that the human race seems to want to be destroyed!

Mr. Dwicky: Say, why don't we talk about this at skool!

Dwicky gasps. Zim's Voot Cruiser lowers from the sky. It lands and the wind shield opens up. Dwicky makes shocked noises. Zim leaps out. GIR pops his head up, wearing the fish bowl as a helmet. Neither of them wear disguises. Dib turns around and gasps.

Dib: He's here!

Dib grabs the camera.

Mr. Dwicky: Who... what... an alien!?! A real-

Dib: A real alien, yes! Glad to see you've come around, Mr. Dwicky! Here, record!

Dib tosses the camera to Dwicky. They walk over to Zim. GIR is now out of the Voot too and looks around.

Dib: Zim! We meet at last!

Zim: I just saw you three hours ago... What are you doing here, Stink-meat!?!

Dib: You fell for our trick, Zim! There are no Plookusians coming to give you weapons! Innit that right, Mr. Dwicky?

Zim and GIR are seen from the camera's POV.

Zim: Dwicky, huh?

Mr. Dwicky: Hi!

Dwicky waves.

Zim: Two against the armada? I'm not worried.

GIR: Hey! Look at this! Doodeedoodeedooo!

GIR makes armpit fart noises. Dwicky lowers the camera in horror. GIR laughs, then makes some more armpit-farts, laughs, and then does it again.

Zim: GIR! Enough!

Dib: Two will become millions once the world sees this tape, Zim! We'll swat-

Dib gasps. A large Plookesian space craft lowers down from the sky. Dwicky lifts the camera up again. A beam of light shines on the group. The hatch opens and a walkway lowers. Two Plookesians walk down.

Mooshy: I don't see any other Plookesians here.

Spoopty: Well, I could've sworn...

Dwicky looks at all of the aliens in horror.

Dib: Hey! Who are you!?!

Mooshy: Oh, hey, how's it goin'? I'm Mooshy, and this is Spoopty. Uh, we're Plookesians! Uh, we heard a Plookesian signal and we came back to check it out, ya know, 'cause that's what we do, hm!

Spoopty: Yeah, but it must've been a mix-up! Sorry for the interruption.

Dib blocks the Plookesians.

Dib: Wait! I sent the signal! I was using it to lure this alien!

Mooshy: Hey, none 'a our business!

Mr. Dwicky: You're really all aliens!?!

Zim: Heh, uh, of course not! Gimme that camera!

Spoopty: Well, to us, you're the aliens!

Dwicky, Zim, and Dib stare. The Plookesians burst out laughing.

Mooshy: That is never not funny!

Spoopty: I know! I know!

Mooshy: Spoopty, you crazay!

Zim: Enough! Where are my weapons!?!

Mooshy: What weapons?

Zim: The super weapons you promised me!

Dib: Geez, Zim! Don't you get it? They never talked to you! It was all a trick!

Zim: Where are they!?!

Mooshy: I don't know what you're talking about, but if it'll make you happy, we have some super weapons lyin' around if you want 'em. Spoopty, get the guy the super weapons.

Spoopty: You sure are nice, boss.

Mooshy: Well, I do what I can.

Spoopty walks on board the ship.

Mr. Dwicky: A real space ship! Space ship! And you fly through the stars, seeing all the universe!?!

Spoopty comes back with a huge pile of weapons.

Mooshy: Yeah, well, flyin' through the stars would be pretty stupid, man! But, yeah, we fly around. Heh. You wanna come along?

Mr. Dwicky: Wow! Do I!

Dwicky squeals with joy and runs aboard the ship with Mooshy. Spoopty drops the pile of super weapons and walks on board.

Zim: Hey! Thank you!

Dib: Dwicky! What about our team!?!

The walkway retracts. Dwicky waves, then realizes he is still holding the camera.

Mr. Dwicky: Oh.

Dwicky shrugs and smiles. The hatch closes and the ship flies off. Dib lowers his head. Zim stops his Voot Cruiser over Dib. The wind shield is down so he can fit all the super weapons, which pile high into the air.

Zim: Sad little Dib! No more ally and no more proof! How did you know to come here, anyway?

Dib: Zim, you moron! I told you, I arranged this meeting!

Zim: Uh huheaaauh! Well, see you! Come on, GIR!

GIR sits on the ground sucking on his leg. The fish bowl now lies on the ground next to him. GIR rockets into the air and lands in the Voot. Zim flies off. Dib's eye twitches. He moans.

Dib (slowed down): Nooooooo!


Cut to the Skool. The students are gathered in the auditorium for a pep rally. On the stage, mechanical cheerleaders cheer, occasionally sparking. A picture of the student president takes up the main view screen. A sign that says 'Skool spirit! Mandatory' hangs over the screen.

Robo Cheerleaders: Yay skool! Yay skool! Yay skool! Skool, skool, skool! Yay, yay, yay, skool! Yay, ahhh, skool! Yay skool! Yay skool! Yay skool! Skool, skool, skool! Yay, yay, yay, skool! Yay, ahhh, skool!

The main view screen shows footage of a marching band.

Announcer: And now a word from our student president!

A platform on ropes lowers down from the ceiling with the student president standing on it.

President: Isn't our skool just great?

Mary and Zootch clap half heartedly.

Student President: Our greatness is greater than all other greatnesses of all the other skools combined! And it's that greatness that makes us great!

The cheerleader bots shake their pompoms.

Student President: But I would like to say one thing, maybe, um, about the dirty bathrooms, they...

The student president wigs out and grips her head. An alarm blares. Administration droids emerge from the ceiling and fly over the crowd. Flashing red lights lower from the ceiling. The Letter "M" glances around. A skool guard pops out of the crowd, sending some kids flying into the air. Two more guards lower down on ropes. An armored guard leaps on stage, knocking a cheerleader bot out of the way as he goes. The student president lies on the ground pounding the floor. The four guards converge around the student president. They grab her and lift her up as another drops a smoke bomb. The smoke quickly disappears, but the guards are still standing there. They skitter away to the side.

Administration droid: Do not be alarmed. The student president has experienced a failure in spirit. A new election will be held immediately. Volunteers? Volunteer?

Zim: Ooh! Ooh! Me! Me!

Zim bursts out of the crowd.

Zim: Pick Zim! Zim is me! Zim is me!

Zim leaps towards the Administration droid. He hops up and down.

Zim: Zim shall rule! Pick Zim!

The administration droid lifts Krapp Ole out of the crowd and promptly drops him back.

Zim: Zim! Me! I am... ZIM!

The administrative droid examines Zim.

Administrative droid: Zim- Analysis: Moron. Suitable. Candidate 2 needed. Volunteers?

Dib: But Zim's criminally insane! That's not good!

The administrative droid examines Dib.

Administrative droid: Dib- Analysis: Annoying.

The administrative droid launches a metal clamp onto Dib's mouth. Dib tries to speak but it muffled.

Administrative droid: Volunteer?

Willy chews on one of his shoes. Willy laughs.

Willy: Shoe.

Willy is about to put the shoe back in his mouth when he notices the administrative droid is next to him.

Willy: Huh?

Administrative droid: Willy- Analysis: Leadership material.

We see Willy from the administrative droid's POV. The words WILLY = IDIOT are labeled under Willy. Willy smiles and makes a pleased grunt. Dib pops up, frantically trying to speak but muffled by the clamp. He slaps his forehead. Cut to the back of the skool. A sign on the skool reads 'MEET THE CANDIDATES.' Zim and Willy stand behind podiums. Ms. Bitters arrives in her desk (now fitted with tank wheels), wearing a cloak and flanked by administrative droids.

Ms. Bitters: The candidates will now speak. And then be quiet! And then I go away from you all.

Zim: As president, I will ensure that all mankind has its legs sawed off!

Logi examines his legs.

Logi: Hmmm... I don't know about that...

Zim: Heh. Huh. And, um, replaced with legs of pure gold!

The crowd begins to smile.

Zim: Yes! And I will grant you the power to fire lasers from your head!

The crowd cheers.

The Letter M: I like gold!

Morla: I like my head!

Dib slaps his forehead.

Dib: Oh, no! Zim's promising them anything!

The crowd cheers some more.

Ms. Bitters: Candidate 2! Be quick! I can only survive so long in the sun.

The hand Ms. Bitters uses to point at Willy begins to smoke. Willy groans, squishing his head between his arms.

Willy: I hope you like this!

Willy makes farting noises with his armpits and laughs. The crowd is unimpressed.

Dib: Willy's a drooling moron! As sole defender of Earth, I've got to do something!

Gaz (playing GS2): I wish Willy was my brother.

A skool guard tosses Zim into a small room. Cut to Willy's small room. Willy rocks in a chair with a bucket on his head, laughing. Dib peaks through a grate on the ceiling. The grate breaks off and Dib crashes into Willy.

Dib: Pardon me, but if you don't tackle the real issues, Zim is going to win the election and eradicate all human life!

Willy screams and tosses Dib and the grate off of him.

Willy: How did you get here!?! You a leprechaun!?!

Willy groans and flails his arms.

Dib: I offer my services as campaign manager. We'll be a team! Me as the incredible brains, and you as... Willy.

Willy: Yer after me gold! Err..

Dib: Is that a yes?

Willy grunts and nods.

Dib: Good. Let's talk about your new platform.

Dib pulls out some note cards and hands them, one by one, to Willy.

Dib: First, you promise to promote alien awareness. Second... Um, Willy?

Willy has the note cards stuck to his head. He grunts with joy. Cut to the skool hallways. The last few children enter the auditorium. Blam runs up to the auditorium but the door closes just before he makes it inside. Blam pounds on the door. Inside the auditorium, hovering spheres shine blue beams of light onto the crowd. Everyone in the crowd wears popularity-measuring devices on their heads. On stage, Zim and Willy walk up to their podiums. Willy grunts as he walks up. Ms. Bitters stands behind a booth. She presses a button on the booth and electro-shock device lower onto Zim and Willy's heads.

Zim: Hmm?

Willy laughs.

Ms. Bitters: Candidate's popularity will be measured by audience brain scan. A drop in popularity will result in a horrible electric shock.

Administrative droid: Debate now, or suffer!

Zim stands on the podium.

Zim: Citizens, you are all familiar with me and what I stand for. But only now can I reveal that if elected, I will ensure that every student is given a zombie wiener dog to do their bidding. Can my opponent say that?

Willy pokes the electro-shock device on his head and gets shocked. He laughs. Willy's popularity goes down on the popularity measuring devices on the heads of the kids in the crowd. Willy is shocked again. The administration droid flies over to Willy.

Administration droid: Time's up... now!

Willy is shocked again. The administration droid flies away.

Ms. Bitters: Now comes the awkward silence portion of the debate.

Zim and Willy silently stare out into the crowd. Zim pulls out a 'VOTE ZIM' sign and the crowd cheers. Zim's popularity level goes up and many of the children hold up supportive Zim signs. GIR (in doggy suit) hands out signs in the crowd.

Dib: This isn't going well.

Dib hears Jessica's cell phone ring. Jessica babbles into it. Dib snatches the cell phone and runs. Jessica falls to the ground and groans. Hiding around the side of the stage, Dib removes his popularity measuring head piece and then throws the cell phone to the ground, smashing it. Dib grabs the two pieces of the cell phone and runs on stage. Dib sticks half of the cell phone into Willy's ear.

Dib: Willy! Just repeat everything I say!

Ms. Bitters: Dib, what have I told you about jamming things into students' ears?

Dib scampers off.

Ms. Bitters: Candidate 2- begin the babbling.

Willy lifts up his note cards.

Willy: Duuuh?

From the side of the stage, Dib talks into his half of the cell phone.

Dib (into cell phone): If elected, I...

A high pitched noise is emitted from Willy's half of the phone. Willy screams and falls backwards. Dib adjusts his cell phone half.

Dib: Sorry! Volume...

Willy gets back up in front of his podium and waves.

Zim: The grotesque monster boy avoids the issues. Just what does he plan on doing about the size of Dib's giant head?

A hovering monitor screen with an image of Dib lowers down. Zim points to Dib's head with a pointer stick. The screen rises up again.

Zim: If I am elected, Dib's head will be removed and filled with salted nuts!

GIR flies through the air.

GIR: Salted nuts!

GIR lands at the front of the crowd and a stream of salted nuts spews from his head. The children cheer as they catch nuts in their mouths. Zim's popularity increases. Dib runs out of the auditorium through the side exit. Willy begins speaking very slowly.

Willy: Your promise is ridiculous!

The popularity meters on the heads of the children lower for Zim. WIlly groans.

Willy: What does it have to do with real issues?

Dib (into cell phone): If elected...

Willy: I promise to improve the terrible conditions at this skool, serve actual food for lunch, yeah food da food yeah!

The children cheer. Their popularity meters go up. GIR opens his mouth in glee. Zim gets shocked.

Willy: Also, Dib will finally be appreciated for the genius that he is!

Zim: Huh!?!

The children boo. They throw things at Willy. Willy catches a hotdog that was thrown at him and goes to eat it. A toilet crashes into his podium. Willy is shocked.

Dib (into cell phone): Da! I mean, I will give-

WIlly gets up, though he is smoking.

Willy: Give everyone laser beam eyes and shoes that make them invisible!

The popularity meters go up again. Morla and Smet fly through the air. Willy removes the cell phone from his ear.

Willy: Yeah! Willy! You like Willy! Yeeeah! And then we dance all day!

Willy leaps over the podium.

Willy: And no more skool! And, and, and, and stuff!

Dib: I didn't say that! Willy! Stop!

Willy: And you all be my friend, and you can go home and not learn no more!

The crowd cheers some more. Zim leaps in front of Willy.

Zim: Madness! That's- oh oh eh... You! I... I am Zim!

A floating monitor screen showing Zim and WIlly's approval ratings fluctuates. Cut to a hallway. Children walk towards the cafeteria, where a line has formed leading to the voting booth. Zim and Willy are behind the booth wearing ridiculously large headpieces labeled 'CANDIDATE 1' and 'CANDIDATE 2.' The skool guards flank the line to the booth, and Ms. Bitters sits in her desk near the booth. The students vote and leave one at a time. Willy squeals faintly as they vote.

Zim: Vote for Zim or I'll destroy you. Vote for Zim or I'll destroy you.

Dib: Ms. Bitters! Zim is threatening the voters! He's disqualified, right?

Ms. Bitters (to administrative droid): The child shrieks like a fruit bat!

The administrative droid flies over to Dib. Dib dodges the droid, but it comes up behind Dib and puts another clamp on Dib's mouth. Dib's attempts to speak are muffled. Gaz makes the final vote.

Administrative droid: Voting complete! Clear the ballet box!

A pair of hoses emerge from the voting booth and spray blasts of water. Dib ducks, but the children in line behind him are all knocked back by the water. They scream. The hoses retract.

Administrative droid: Calculating... The winner is-

The ballet box goes through the votes, showing the number of votes for each increase at great speeds. Zim leaps over the ballet box, leaving his headpiece behind.

Zim: Zim! My empire of doom begins now!

The cafeteria turns into a day dream landscape where humans bow to down to Zim, sitting on a throne made out of the skool. Irken guards stand near by.

Humans: Hail Zim! Hail Zim! (repeatedly)

Zim laughs evilly. Zim's throne morphs into a growling Ms. Bitters and the dream sequence ends.

Zim: Huh?

Administrative droid: The winner is... Willy!

The total scores show that Willy won, 550 to 263.

Administrative droid: Report to the principal's chamber immediately!

Zim looks aggravated.

Dib tears the clamp off of his face.

Dib: Yes!

Two administrative droids carry Willy out of the cafeteria.

Zim: No! Treachery! Lies! Ziiim!

Skool guards grab Zim and Dib. In the hallways, Zim and Dib stand on a hover platform with a skool guard escort. In front of them, the two administrative droids carry Willy.

Zim: Zim, loose? Impossible! This is your fault, Dib! And you shall pay!

Dib: Face it, Zim! I beat you! And as Willy's campaign manager, victory will be sweet!

Willy grunts happily. Willy, Zim, and Dib are all tossed into the Principal's chamber. The Skool Principal remains a shadow. Sitting at a table with him are several cloaked figures who also cannot be seen. The Skool Principal holds a rodent of some kind, who in turn holds a small toy. The Skool Principal strokes his pet, who in turn strokes its toy.

Skool Principal: Candidate 2, you won't disappoint us like your predecessor! You will obey! You won't complain about nasty toilets!

Cloaked figure: Well, they are kind of nasty...

Skool Principal: Silence!

The rodent drops its toy.

Skool Principal: Now, Willy, as student president, fulfill your destiny!

The rodent's eyes become watery.

Willy: Duhhhh... okay!

A laser emerges from the ceiling and points itself at Willy's head.

Willy: Awwwooohhh?

Dib and Zim make confused noises as the laser begins to glow. They run out screaming. Light pours out from the door behind them. Willy bursts out, glowing. Willy now sounds British.

Willy: Chip, chip. Greetings, fellow students! Isn't skool just smashing? Tally on and chippy ho!

The children in the hallway cheer. Cut to the auditorium during another pep rally. The children all cheer. Nub Bubbins (the human, not the alien) is thrown into the air repeatedly. Willy stands on stage.

Willy: Our skool is great, and it's that greatness that makes us great! And we've got the finest toilets ever made!

Zim walks up to Dib, whose eyes are tightly shut.

Zim: Earth-smell, by the look on your face I can see you didn't intend to spare me from this horrible fate! And that makes it funny! Thank you, human, for helping Zim! Reward the child, GIR!

GIR stands nearby, in his dog suit.

GIR: Salted nuts!

GIR's head opens up and nuts spew out. Dib runs over to Zim.

Dib: I hate you.

Gaz eats nuts by the handful straight from GIR's open head.


Deep space zooms by. The title, author, and storyboarding credits fly by in 3d block letters. Planets also zoom by, including Foodcourtia, Blorch, Mars, and Conventia. The camera stops on Earth, then zooms onto the surface to Zim's street. GIR (in his dog suit) walks down the street humming, holding groceries, and sipping from a SuckMunkey in between his singing. Dib runs by a few times in front of GIR, wearing a stealth suit that makes him visible only as a mirrored blur when he moves (like in the movie Predator). Dib allows GIR to pass him, and then he runs out from behind a fire hydrant. GIR walks into the front yard. Dib follows, taking cover behind the Lawn Gnomes as he goes. GIR reaches the front door and opens it, then screams as monkey noises play. He turns around, knocking the top of the SuckMunkey cup off as he turns. GIR dumps out the liquid of his SuckMunkey cup in Dib's direction. Dib yelps as his suit shorts out, and he becomes becomes visible.

Dib: I, um...

GIR: In-TRU-der!!

Beeping noises come from GIR, then he grabs a cookie from his grocery bag and casually munches it, humming cheerfully. Dib backs up a bit. He pulls off a skin-tight flesh-colored mask and tosses it aside while getting out a spy camera. GIR's beeping stops.

Dib: Hey, would you mind putting this spy camera inside Zim's house so I can...spy on his evil and stuff?

Dib extends the spy camera to its full width.

GIR: Okey-dokey!

GIR takes the camera and runs inside, closing the door behind him.

Dib: I should've tried this a long time ago.

A gnome turns to face Dib and fires lasers from its hands.

Dib: NAAAH!

Dib yells as he gets up just in time to miss the next blast.

Dib: NAAAH!

He runs out as more gnomes begin shooting lasers too. A huge laser blast comes from the front door. Dib runs into his house, screaming. Cut to Dib's bedroom. Dib enters and runs to his computer. His desktop image is of a UFO with the words 'THEY'RE HERE.' Dib types on his keyboard, opening up windows on his computer.

Dib: At last I've got a real video camera inside Zim's house! This time, I'm prepared!

Floating monitors with the Swollen Eyeball symbol emerge from the ceiling and spread around the room. Beeping is heard as several computer towers emerge from the floor.

Dib: Camera Dib 1- check! Record Drives Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Stevie- Check!

The drives whir. Dib turns around and places his hands on one of the drives.

Dib: What!?! I can't record any of this with the drives broken! Computer! Run the disk repair!

Dib types on his keyboard.

Dib: Tell me as soon as the drives are functional again!

A window showing a doctor hitting the drives with a hammer pops up.

Dib: And now, Zim, to discover your next evil plan!

A window with a blue screen and the words 'Establishing video link' appears. Dots appear after the text until the window switches to video footage from within Zim's kitchen. Zim (in disguise) sits at a table reading a news paper. Zim folds up the news paper and sucks on an Irken lik-a-maid stick. GIR (in dog suit) sits down at the table with a bowl, a carton of milk, and a box of Krazy Flakes. GIR pours the cereal into the bowl.

Zim: Hey, look. They're gonna start making artificial beavers.

GIR begins opening the milk carton. Dib gasps.

Dib: He's after our beaver technology! Is this his next evil plan?

GIR gets up and walks away with the carton and cereal.

Zim: Well...

Zim blows air past his lips.

Zim: Time to work on my next evil plan.

Dib: Talk about perfect timing!

Dib hears beeping and looks at a drive, seeing a repair bar depicting how close it is to being fixed.

Dib: But no drives yet! The Swollen Eyeball's gotta see this!

A monitor rises up and a video feed from Agent Darkbootie appears.

Agent Darkbootie: Agent Darkbootie here.

Dib: I have a video feed from the alien's house!

The video feed from Zim's house shows Zim sucking on the lik-a-maid stick while reading the paper as GIR shoves his head into the cereal bowl making growly noises as he sucks up the food.

Agent Darkbootie: Hmmm... Agent Mothman, once I tied Bigfoot's toe hairs together. It was very funny, until his insane fit of howling rage ended in tragedy for a family of campers. My point is jokes do not have a place in the Swollen Eyeball network. Call back when you're serious.

Agent Darkbootie's transmission goes into static and his monitor screen lowers away.

Dib: But...

Zim yawns.

Zim: Yes! Time to work on my evil plan!

Dib: Ooooh!

Zim: To cripple the humans by destroying-

GIR: GUESS WHO MADE WAFFLES?

GIR walks in with a plate of steaming waffles.

Zim: I'm not going to eat that-

GIR screams uncontrollably.

Zim: ENOUGH! I will TRY some already!

Zim takes a forkful of waffle and, after much trepidation, shoves it in his mouth. He chews for awhile and then swallows.

Zim: Well...they don't seem to be making me sick. Ya know, this actually might be a good way to build a tolerance to the human's FFFILTHY FOOD! Okay, GIR! I will try!

GIR jumps on the table and squeals. GIR runs out of the kitchen. Zim forks an entire waffle.

Zim: And as soon as I'm done with these "waffles", I will discuss my evil plan!

GIR walks in with another plate of waffles and sets it on the table, then leaves. Zim holds the waffle he put on a fork up to his mouth.

Dib: Yes! This is it!

Zim (talking with mouth full): For this plan I will create a-

Zim swallows.

Zim: Hey, these aren't bad! What's in 'em?

GIR: There's waffle in 'em!

Zim: YOU'RE LYING!

There is a small squeak, presumably from GIR.

Zim: Anyhow, GIR I need a break from the talking of my new plan. Let's have some silence for a bit, huh?

Zim picks up an entire waffle with his fork and eats it all at once. Dib stares in anticipation.

GIR: I like to make waffles...

Zim chews and chews. He taps his fork on the table. Zim stops chewing and opens his mouth for a moment.

Zim: Eh.

He goes back to chewing. Zim holds his fork between both of his hands. Zim taps his fork again. Zim rubs the table cloth. Zim groans.

Dib: Come on! The plan already!

Zim holds another waffle up to his mouth.

Zim: Hey, you know who came by today?

GIR: Hmm?

Zim: That ugly neighbor lady.

A giant evil mutant squid demon pokes his head into the kitchen.

Zim: She was wearing this horrible-

The squid moves back offscreen.

Zim: Huh?

The squid leaps on Zim. Zim yells as the squid holds Zim in its mouth and thrashes him around, knocking the waffles on the table. One waffle lands on GIR's head.

Zim: OH, MIGHTY DUNG!

GIR grabs the waffle on his head and eats it, as well as the last waffle on the table. Zim clings to the edge of the table, but the squid begins wrapping tentacles around his head.

Zim: THE GIANT FLESH-EATING DEMON SQUID HAS ESCAPED!

Zim groans as the squid pulls him away. The squid lifts Zim up and bashes him against the table as GIR vomits.

Dib: Oh, man!

The squid has Zim on the floor again.

Zim: SECURITY! PROTECT YOUR MASTER!

The Robo Parents roll up to the squid. The squid grabs them and bites their heads off, then spits the heads away. Zim lifts up, screaming.

Zim: GIR! DEFENSIVE MODE!

The squid grabs a microwave and bashes Zim with it. Lasers begin flying through the house.

GIR: Wee hehehheheee! Whoo!

A robotic arm holding two ice cream cones emerges from GIR's head and ice cream truck music starts playing softly. The squid takes the ice cream and licks it. The robo-arm detracts back into GIR's head. A robotic creature of some sort walks by the camera.

Dib: The eyeball's gotta see this!

A monitor hovers up with a transmission from Agent Nessie.

Agent Nessie: Agent Nessie here.

Dib: Check this out! It's amazing!

GIR sits on the table alone, eating waffles.

Agent Nessie: A dog...eating waffles. HA SKINKIN' HA! Darkbootie told me about you, Mothman!

The transmission ends. Dib lowers his head.

GIR: What happened?

Zim walks in looking beat up.

Zim: Eh, he escaped.

Zim sets his chair upright and sits down. The sound of a motorcycle leaving is heard.

Zim: Oh well. He wasn't part of my new plan anyhow.

Zim straightens his wig.

Zim: I'll need a test subject. Bring me Nick!

GIR runs off. He returns with a plate of waffles which he sets on the table.

GIR: These got peanuts and soap in 'em!

GIR runs off. He wheels Nick up to the table. Nick has a happiness probe in his head and is strapped to a dolly. GIR walks away.

Dib: He's got a human test subject!

Shocks run through Nick every so often.
Zim: Ah yes, ummm, Nick! Neural experiment number 231! And how is the happiness probe in your brain doing today, filthy human?

Nick: It's great! I never want to leave this magical place! I'm so happy! Gah-ha!

Zim: Excellent! Want some waffles?

Dib: Zim's making him eat waffles! That poor kid... I gotta help!

A monitor rises up. Dib presses a button on it.

Dib: Please! I need somebody from the eyeball net to believe me!

A transmission from Agent Disembodied Head appears.

Dib: Agent Disembodied Head! I need a mobile Eyeball unit to-

Agent Disembodied Head: Agent Mothman, STOP CALLIN' US!

The transmission ends and the monitor lowers away.

Dib: THEN I'LL TRY THE FBI!

Dib reaches for another monitor screen, pressing the button on the monitor off screen. The monitor shows a transmission from the FBI. Greg the FBI operator sits in a chair.

Greg: Hello, thank you for calling the FBI. My name is Greg. How may I help you?

Dib: I have an emergency! There's someone who's-

Greg: *laughs* Hey, hey. You're Dib, right? Did you ever get that ninja ghost outta your toilet?

Dib: Yes, no thanks to you! There's a kid in trouble!

Dib and Greg watch Zim and Nick eat waffles. Nick coughs. His happiness probe vibrates.

Nick: It's good!

Nick collapses on the table. Greg chuckles.

Greg: Man, that kid sure loves his waffles! Stay right there. We're sending someone over to beat you up for playing jokes on the FBI!

Dib: But look at the brain probe!

Greg: Oh, all right. We'll send someone over to investigate...when we get around to it.

Greg turns around in his chair and the transmission ends. Zim and Nick begin to look sick. Bubbles fill the room due to the soap GIR made the waffles with. Several shocks go through Nick. GIR walks in with two new plates of waffles. He sets them on the table and walks to the other side of the table.

GIR: You look like you need waffles, boo hoo hoooo!

GIR walks out.

Nick: Yay!

Dib: Gotta stall him for time!

Dib presses a button on a monitor screen and it cuts to a transmission with Bloaty's Pizza Hog. The Bloaty employee looks very bored.

Bloaty Employee: Bloaty's Pizza Hog. We deliver, I guess...

Dib types on his keyboard.

Dib: I need you to deliver to this address right now!

Bloaty Employee: We guarantee we'll see what we can do.

The employee falls asleep. The transmission ends and the monitor screen lowers away. Nick groans and holds his stomach as shocks run through him.

Dib: Maybe I bought some time! The suspense is unbearable! HURRY UP, FBI!

Zim and Nick no longer have any waffles on their plates.

Zim: And now, GIR, to test my EEEEVIL plan on this child!

Dib: Noooooooo!

GIR walks in with three plates of waffles, one of the plates balanced on his head. GIR sets the two plates in his hands on the table, knocking the previous plates away.

Zim: No more waffles, GIR!

GIR: *screams madly*

Zim: No, really! I'm starting to feel sick!

GIR makes quivering noises with his lips. GIR wails and taps a waffle against Zim's head repeatedly.

Zim: ALL RIGHT!!! I'll eat just one more piece!

Zim snatches the waffle and begins eating it. He gags several times. Zim then notices something happening out of the camera's range.

Zim: Ahhh! The hideous mutant squid has escaped again and has created an army of cyborg zombie soldiers to do its evil bidding!

Zim grabs another waffle and cowers, munching on it.

Zim: No! Stay back! Stay back! Nooo!

The cyborgs march through the kitchen along with the squid, taking Zim with them as they go by. One stops and looks at Nick, then continues. Nick groans and picks up some more waffles. The squid suddenly swings Zim into Dib's camera, causing the camera to fall to the ground and the transmission to go into static briefly. It cuts back at a perspective looking up at Nick. Zim's groans are heard. Dib presses a button on a monitor screen repeatedly.

Dib: Agent Darkbootie! Answer! Agent Darkbootie! BOOTIE!

The shadows of the squid and cyborgs can be seen on the wall beating up Zim.

Nick: Augh! It's horrible! A horrible army of cyborgs rending Zim's very flesh! Oh, the carnage makes me so happy! Hehe!

The doorbell rings.

Bloaty Employee: *off-screen* Hello. Bloaty's Pizza.

Nick takes a bite of his waffle.

Nick: Heh heh, hoowhee!

Nick tosses his waffle.

Nick: Hehe, now the cyborgs are eatin' pizza! And the FBI is being cocooned to feed the squid babies that just flew in from the window! *laughs*

Nick: What's that thing Zim's got?

Zim's shadow lifts up a toilet plunger.

Zim: Don't make me use this! I'll do it!

The shadows of the squids and cyborgs leap towards Zim and a loud zap is heard. A great gust of wind blows, sending waffles and parts of the Bloaty costume flying past. Nick grabs a plate of waffles as it flies by. The gust stops and GIR pops up on the edge of the table with a plate of waffles. GIR makes the triumphant noise that Blue from Blue's Clues makes. Nick and GIR eat waffles. On Dib's floating monitor screen, a transmission from Agent Darkbootie appears.

Agent Darkbootie: What is it, Mothman?

Nick and GIR continue eating waffles.

Agent Darkbootie: *irritated* Oh. You make me sick.

The transmission ends. Dib stands up and shakes the monitor.

Dib: No! Wait! There was a mutant! And cyborgs! And-

Dib sits back down. One of Dib's drives beeps.

Dib: Yes! The record drives are fixed! *pounds his fist on the record drive and it starts working*

Dib: I can show it to the Eyeballs later! Your waffle eating days are over, Zim!

Zim gets up looking beaten.

Zim: Well, thankfully, I was able to reprogram those cyborgs at the last minute and send them off to do horrible things to the humans! But my evil plan! Hey! I forgot what my evil plan was! Oh well. GIR, your waffles have sickened me! Fetch me the bucket!

GIR squeals with joy. Dib screams.

Dib: The plan! WHAT WAS THE PLAN!?!

Dib shakes his computer monitor. The sound of Zim vomiting is heard. Dib cringes and moves away from his screen.

Dib: Oh well...at least I have something recorded on disk! It wasn't a total loss.

Dib types on his keyboard. Cyborgs burst through his windows and stomp around, crushing Dib's computer, record drives, and his Swollen Eyeball monitors. They walk out of Dib's room.

Dib: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! *crawls into bed* Whatever...


The opening of Mysterious Mysteries of Strange Mystery plays, depicting a magnifying glass creating the words "MYSTERIOUS MYSTERIES" as it passes over while electrodes create the words "STRANGE MYSTERY". A burst of light overtakes the screen and cuts to the Mysterious Mysteries Host standing in front of a view screen with an image of an electronic book on it labeled "SPELLDRIVES".

MM Host: Spelldrives. (Spelldrive on the view screen opens up) Mysterious, magical tomes for storing spells. Powered by magical power points, they were once used to cast the spells contained within. The largest collection of these ancient sources of mystical knowledge belongs to the boy with the largest head: Dib.

The view screen shows an image of Dib with a ruler next to his head and the label "STILL GROWING?" Cut to footage from within Dib's room labeled "VIA SATELLITE: DIB". Dib holds two of his spelldrives while the rest lie on the floor around him.

Dib: My spelldrives are all drained of their power, but I still think they're neat.

MM Host (O.S.): That's very interesting, Dib, but can you tell us more about your head?

A power bar appears on the screen.

Dib (voice speed-up): As you know, each spell takes up a certain number of power points. I found—

MM Host: Your head, Dib!

The bar disappears. The camera view pans out to show the MM Host looking at Dib on the view screen.

MM Host: Your HEAD!

Cut to Dib's room. Dib looks up at the hover view screen with the MM Host. He lifts a remote and turns it off. Gaz suddenly kicks Dib's door in with a giant spiky boot. Gaz stands in the doorway with no such boot in sight.

Gaz: Hey! Did you eat all the Franken Chokies?

Gaz pulls out a box of Franken Chokies and points to it.

Dib: You just missed it! I was on Mysterious Mysteries with my spelldrives!

Dib makes a pleased squeal. Gaz shakes up the box of Franken Chokies.

Dib: I remember the magical day I found these old things. It was incredible.

Cut to Dib standing out on the street drinking a SuckMunkey. A garbage truck drives by (with a whistling driver) and the spelldrives fall out of the truck and land in front of Dib. Dib points at the spelldrives and makes an excited squeal. End flashback. Dib notices a flashing light on one of the spelldrives.

Dib: Hey! This drive still has two unused power points! How did I miss that? Me, the obsessive-compulsive Dib!

Gaz: Uuuh.

Gaz blows a handful of Franken Chokie crumbs into Dib's face. Dib begins choking and falls to the ground, gasping and coughing. Dib crawls over to the spelldrive.

Dib: What spell should I (coughs) cast?

Dib presses a key.

Dib: Hmm, no. Not enough points. Hmph, too bad. A smaller head would be cool.

Dib presses more keys. Time passes. Dib's alarm clock reads 2:59 and changes to 3:00. Dib looks at a spell called BERZERKER.

Dib: Found one! The Sense of the Shadowhog! Uses 1 power point.

The spelldrive screen displays this spell.

Dib: Point enhances the sense of—

The spelldrive goes into static.

Dib: Hmm. Can't read it. But it sounds cool. Enhance something IS good! But what if it doesn't work the way I hope it does? I HAVE A PLAN! Since I have two points, and the spell only takes one, I can just use it twice! I'll just cast it on someone else first! Then, and only then, will I stop talking to myself!

Dib opens his door and sneaks out. He goes over to Gaz's door and peeks into her room. She is asleep (and in pink, fuzzy pajamas with wings). He closes her door and returns back to the spelldrive.

Dib: Activating spelldrive!

Dib presses the 'CAST SPELL' button. Dib lifts up the drive as a pink fog-like energy seeps out of it. Dib sets the drive down.

Dib: Uuuuh! The smell!

The energy twirls around Dib, then forms a pig-demon face.

Energy Pig: Are you prepared to receive the power of the Shadowhog?

Dib's voice has a nasal sound as he tries not to smell the energy.

Dib: Ugh, not me. Ugh, but my sister really wants it.

The energy pig flies under Gaz's door. Dib follows it into Gaz's room. The energy forms a ring of ethereal pig products over Gaz's head. They suck up into Gaz's mouth and a cloud of pig breath in the shape of a pig's head comes out of her mouth, enveloping her head. Gaz wakes up, coughing.

Gaz: Who? What? Hey! If there's one thing you should know by now, it's to stay OUT OF MY ROOM!

Dib: Do you feel different in any way?

Gaz: GET OUT!

Dib: X-ray vision maybe? Super smell?

Gaz: That's it, Dib. SECURITY!

The various stuffed animals in her room turn into death machines. They chatter excitedly. Dib runs out. He babbles as a bird stuffed animal grabs him by the head. Gaz examines the taste in her mouth and gags. The stuffed bird flies out a window and drops Dib into a dumpster. Cut to Gaz in the bathroom filling up a glass of water at the sink. Dib walks in, covered in garbage.

Dib: You sure you're not feeling super somehow?

Gaz: I have a super horrible taste in my mouth!

Gaz belches while saying oohhh in Dib's face.

Dib: Oh my, no!

Dib falls to the ground. Gaz sips the water but belches again. She walks back into her room while Dib remains on the ground.

Dib: Father, help me!

Cut to the kitchen. Dib sits at the table, pouring a bowl of Coco Splodees. Gaz snatches the box from Dib, grunting angrily. She pours her own bowl.

Dib: How are you feeling today, Gaz?

Gaz puts a spoonful of Coco Splodees into her mouth and shudders.

Dib: What is it? Is there some kind of extra-awareness that you are experiencing?

Gaz: This cereal tastes horrible!

Gaz pushes her bowl away. Dib eats a spoonful from his bowl.

Dib: Tastes fine to me!

Gaz grabs the milk and drinks from the carton. She spits it into Dib's face. Dib drinks his glass of milk.

Dib: It's not spoiled! It's fine!

Gaz pulls out a chicken leg from the Coco Splodees box and bites down, but spits it up. She opens the fridge and grabs a fruit and groans as she bites it. She hurls the fruit and it lands in the cereal bowl. Gaz goes through a sandwich and watermelon slice with similar results.

Gaz: Where's Dad shopping now? This is all horrible! HORRIBLE!

The background turns into flames for a moment.

Dib: Horrible how?

Gaz tastes the inside of her mouth.

Gaz: Everything tastes like a pig! A PIG!

The background turns into a bunch of pig faces. Dib gasps.

Dib: The Shadowhog! What could've gone wrong? What?

Gaz: Shadow-what? What did you do?

Dib: I don't know what you're talking about.

Gaz slams the fridge closed and groans. Dib gets up from his seat. Gaz lifts a handful of gummy bears into the air.

Dib: My haunted gummy bear collection!

Gaz: Tell me what you did, or I'll eat them Dib! I'll eat them all!

The gummy bears moan. Dib sweats. Gaz bites the head off of one. A gummy bear spirit floats into the air as Gaz gags on the bite she took.

Dib: No! I only did it to give you super powers because you're the greatest sister ever!

Gaz puts the entire handful in her mouth and struggles to swallow.

Dib: Stop! Maybe I can reverse the spell!

Dib runs over to the kitchen table and grabs the spelldrive. He returns with it.

Dib: Um... the only spell I can cast is the same one I used on you already! Um... (hits a key) you know... Pig is a reaally good taste!

Gaz: SECURITY!

Dib: Not the dolls! Nooo!

The dolls enter behind Gaz.

Gaz: I programmed them to feed on human flesh! (smiles evilly)

Dib: But you need me! You need my knowledge of the paranormal! You can't lift this spell off on your own!

Gaz snaps her fingers. The dolls deactivate.

Gaz: You better lift it soon, or...

Gaz snaps her fingers and the dolls' eyes light up. Some of them drool and one rubs its stomach. Dib crawls underneath a gorilla doll and runs up to Gaz.

Dib: All right! All right! Just don't worry. I'll cure you. 'Til then, just go about your day, okay? Just be normal!

Gaz exits. Cut to Mr. Elliot's class.

Mr. Elliot: And that, class, is why I'm so happy today! Innit that great? Huh?

The background turns into hearts and flowers.

Mr. Elliot: Yeah!

The hearts and flowers turn into disgusted little faces upon hearing Gaz's groans. The class looks over to where Gaz sits, her desk covered in chewed up food. She tries more foods, but after each food she cough up more onto her desk. She tosses away a slice of pizza. She tries a candy bar and tosses that away. She does the same with a taco. Gaz screams.

Mr. Elliot: Um, Gaz? You can't eat in class.

Gaz lifts up an ice cream.

Gaz: Have to eat! Must find something that doesn't taste like pig intestine!

Gaz touches her tongue to the ice cream and a vision of the energy pig lifts into the air before fading away, squealing. Gaz screams. The candy bar lands on the back of Zootch's chair. The ice cream hits Francine in the head. A donut hits Donutte in the head. A pizza hits Olivia in the head. A whole turkey hits Maddy and sends her hurtling out of her desk.

Gaz: Curse you, Dib! Curse you!

The entire class gets up and huddles in the corner.

Gaz: Curse you! Curse you!

The windows shatter. The shattered glass falls down past the windows of Ms. Bitters' class. Dib worriedly leafs through a book while other books lie on the floor around him.

Cut to the cafeteria. Gaz takes a seat next to Dib, who is still leafing through a book. Gaz looks around at other students. Ribgummel holds an apple. He takes a bite as Gaz twitches angrily. Ribgummel chews and then gives a joyful thumbs-up. Gaz turns to her food. She eats French fries and spits them out. She drinks Choco Poop and spits it out. She bites a hamburger and spits it out. All of the food she has been spitting out sticks to the side of Dib's head. Dib doesn't notice as he is intently looking through the book. A chicken leg is thrown onto Dib's head as well. Gaz takes a bite of a hotdog.

Gaz: Hey. This tastes okay. But it's a hotdog, so that makes sense. A lifetime of eating nothing but hotdogs...

Gaz imagines herself as a morbidly obese woman with mountains of hotdogs all around her and hotdogs raining from the sky.

Gaz (V.O.): Everyday, hotdogs! My whole life!

Gaz swells up even more and bursts. Cut back to the cafeteria. Gaz screams. She grabs a handful of mashed potatoes and tackles Dib. She holds the potatoes over him.

Dib: No, Gaz! Those are the mashed potatoes! Get them away from my eyes! Remember what happened to Zita!

The students look over to Zita, who has an eye plaster over one eye. She sobs to herself.

Dib: I was only trying to help you out, Gaz!

Gaz: You're hiding something! What is it?

Dib: Me? Hiding? I was only trying to do something nice for my sister! No! Not my eyes! Think of all the food you'll never eat again if you destroy me now!

Gaz lowers the potatoes with an angry growl. She walks off and hurls the potatoes away. Zita screams off-screen.

Dib: Zita!

Cut to Dib's house. Lightning strikes, forming a pig face. Dib and Gaz walk to the house, holding hands. They run down into Prof. Membrane's lab, where Membrane is working on some sort of bubble with a hamster inside that is being electrocuted.

Dib: Dad! Gaz has been cursed and tastes pigs!

Gaz takes a bite out of a hotdog.

Prof. Membrane: There are no curses, son!

Membrane flies up into the air, screaming madly.

Prof. Membrane: There must be a scientific explanation! Come on, honey! Are you ready for some horrible tests?

A mechanical claw grabs Gaz by the head and lifts her up.

Gaz: I... guess so.

Membrane grabs Gaz from the claw and puts her on his head. His hair wraps around her. They descend into the ground through some kind of warp. Dib pulls out his laptop and breathes a sigh of relief.

Dib: I knew I could count on Dad to not believe me.

Dib types in a password. A screen that says "NOW DIALING" appears.

Dib: He'll keep Gaz busy until I can find a cure. Now I'm gonna start walking!

Dib walks along, holding his laptop. Agent Tuna Ghost appears on the screen.

Agent Tuna Ghost: Agent Mothman, why were you talking out loud to yourself just then?

Dib: I don't know... But I do that a lot.

Agent Tuna Ghost: That's stupid.

Dib: Isn't it?

Dib begins walking upstairs, out of the lab.

Dib: Anyhow, Agent Tuna Ghost, I want you to do some research for me.

Cut to Membrane Lab. Professor Membrane stands out front behind a podium with Gaz and some scientists while the people of the press are gathered around.

Prof. Membrane: People of the press! I have examined my daughter for hours now and have made a discovery! She suffers from a never before seen condition I have named "Pigmouth!"

The press takes pictures of Gaz. Images of newspapers depicting Gaz as a pig fly by with headlines such as: "PIG MOUTH SWEEPS THE NATION OF GAZ" "IT DOESN'T TASTE LIKE CHICKEN..." "SOMEBODY MAKE ME A HAM SAMMICH!" and "THIS LITTLE PIGGY WENT... PSYCHO!"

Time passes and Gaz is seen wearing a protective suit made to look like a pig, complete with a metal snout strapped to her face. Prof. Membrane walks back to the podium.

Prof. Membrane: It has been ONE day already, and the cure for Pigmouth still eludes me!

Prof. Membrane knocks the podium over.

Prof. Membrane: This enviro-suit is not enough to protect my daughter. So, I have added a new wing to the Membrane Labs! The Pig Girl wing!

The camera pans out to reveal an extension to the labs with electronic sign showing the Pig Girl symbol (Gaz's hair plus a pig snout). One of the signs is for Deelishus Weenie.

Crowd: Ooooooh!

Prof. Membrane: Co-sponsored by the Deelishus Weenie corporation!

One monitor shows a very happy Gaz with a pig nose holding a hotdog. Cut to the lab interior. Gaz is now strapped to a suspended table, still wearing the pig snout. Onlookers watch from behind glass. The table move Gaz over to some scientists, who do experiments on Gaz using electric tools. In front of Gaz's containment chamber is a sign with a pig that says "MUST BE AS TALL AS THIS PIG GIRL." Gashlarg and Mitzi the Pain Oracle run up to the sign, fighting over a Pig Girl doll. The doll is thrown up into the air.

Cut to Nub Bubbins' room, where Nub Bubbins' mom reads a book called "THE LITTLE PIG GIRL" to Nub Bubbins. One page shows Pig Girl Gaz surrounded by different foods with the text "PIG GIRL LOVED TO EAT STUFF" "YUM" .

Cut to Gaz's containment chamber. Robotic arms place various food items into Gaz's mouth.

Cut to the Uberplex, which is playing "PIG GIRL: THE MOVIE starring Bloaty!" Pig balloons hang from the theater, and a picture of Bloaty with a Gaz wig is next to the title. Alexi Aaronovich stands at the front of the ticket line. Revolti prints out a pair of tickets for him, but GIR (in dog suit) snags the tickets before Alexi can get them. GIR and his pig friend jump into the air.

GIR: Yaaay!

Cut to Gaz in a liquid-filled tube surrounded by piggies. Scientists with clipboards flank her sides.

Gaz: You will pay, Dib! You will pay!

Cut to Zim's house. Zim and GIR stand in the doorway (in their disguises), while Dib stands in front of them. Zim points and laughs at Dib.

Zim: That's a good one! Help you?! Why should I help you?

Dib: Hey! I helped you when we were transforming into giant bolognies!

Zim: YOU'RE MAKING IT UP!

Dib: Look, it's my sister, she's—

Zim: Forget it, Dib! Gnomes! Away with him!

The nearest pair of gnomes slide over to Dib and grab him. Dib struggles as they drag him to the edge of Zim's lawn. They barely toss him outside of Zim's parameter. The gnomes return to their positions.

Zim: I'm going to destroy you all, Dib! Today! I've got it all set up.

Dib gets up.

Dib: Uh huh, that's nice, Zim. It can't be worse than what my sister's gonna do.

Zim lifts up GIR.

Zim: I've loaded GIR full of explosive monkeys and I'm about to—

Dib: That's great, Zim! Maybe you can tell me about it later. I gotta go.

Dib walks off.

GIR: I got monkeys in me!

Zim: Fool! Be gone with yoooou!

Zim pulls GIR into his house and shuts the door. Dib walks down the sidewalk but stops when he sees a vision of a Gaz Pig Monster in front of him.

Gaz Pig Monster: I bet you taste like a pig! Just like a pig! A little piggy!

The Pig Monster bites down on Dib's head and disappears. Dib shudders and runs off.

ACT BREAK

Cut to Membrane Labs. Dib enters the room with Gaz's containment chamber, which is now dark and empty.

Dib: Gaz, I—

Gaz: Be quiet. Just look at the TV. Watch and know the evil you have brought upon me!

Dib: Okay, but—

Gaz points to a monitor screen. It shows a Bloaty's Pizza Hog commercial. It shows Bloaty standing behind a fake sunshine backdrop, surrounded by kids.

Bloaty: Heeey! Look at Bloaty!

Meatball, a small child, is absorbed into Bloaty's fat.

Bloaty: We got the new pizza comin' out on Friday! And if you like the taste of stuff, you're gonna love this pizza!

Meatball pops out from the opposite side of Bloaty. Pizza scene changers take up the screen, then leave to reveal Bloaty in front of a scary piggy background.

Bloaty: This pizza don't taste like pig at all!

Bloaty eats a slice and belches. Bloaty groans.

Bloaty: Bloaty hate his life...

Pizza scene changers appear again, then reveal Bloaty standing out in front of his restaurant. A voice over of Bloaty crying is heard. The words "BLOATY'S- FIRST RIGHT OFF ROUTE 5 -(555) 555-PORK" are seen.

Gaz: I've never missed a new pizza day at Bloaty's. If this next one is ruined by your magical stupidity I would make you wish you had rabid weasels teleported into your skull instead of having a sister!

A bright beam of light appears around Gaz as she hovers in the air.

Gaz: I'll wait until you sleep and stuff all of your paranormal junk into your big, giant, paranormal head (a ring of fire appears around Dib, Gaz's eyes turn red) and chew on your eyeballs after I pluck them out!

Dib runs out of the room screaming. Gaz returns to normal and munches on a hotdog while making strange noises with each bite.

Gaz (eating hotdog): Eenuh! Eenuh!

Cut to Mac Meaties. Dib sits in a booth with a hobo.

Dib: And now she's gonna destroy my life if I can't figure out a way to lift the curse! But I don't know how! I am so dead!

The hobo holds a cob of corn in a paper bag.

Hobo: Yeah, I remember when I summoned the hog demon to curse my sister with Pigmouth and had to deal with having a cursed sister.

Dib nods as he drinks through a straw loudly.

Hobo: It was awful!

The hobo gets out of the booth.

Hobo: The whole ordeal turned me into a hobo!

The hobo holds the corn up to his mouth. It slides out of the bag but misses his mouth and falls to the floor. The hobo lies down over the table.

Hobo: Word of advice.

Dib: I don't wanna become a hobo.

Hobo: Oh.

Dib's laptop (laying next to Dib) beeps.

Dib: The Swollen Eyeball signal!

The hobo gets up as Dib unfolds his laptop on the table.

Dib: That's my secret society! Don't tell anyone!

The hobo groans at a couple in the booth next to Dib's. Agent Tuna Ghost appears on Dib's laptop.

Agent Tuna Ghost: Agent Mothman! We've been discussing your situation. We think we can help.

The hobo gives a thumbs up and groans. Dib's Swollen Eyeball transmission ends. Da' Cone licks an ice-cream. The hobo stands in front of the doorway for a moment. Suddenly, the Hobo grabs Da' Cone and runs out of Mac Meaties holding him as he screams. Cut to Membrane Labs. Gaz makes more noises with each bite out of her hotdogs.

Gaz: Eenuh! Eenuh! Eenuh! Eenuh! Eenuh!

Dib enters the room with his laptop under his arm.

Dib: Good news! I have something that can help you, maybe. I formed a plan using information I got from the Swollen Eyeball and a dirty hobo. But we'll have to make it out to Mystical Hill on the outskirts of town. Apparently, that place is mystical.

Gaz: So how do we get there? This isolation tank doesn't exactly have a doorknob.

Dib fiddles with some buttons on the containment chamber.

Dib: I can hack into the security system and set you free from this cage.

A compartment on the containment chamber opens and Dib places his laptop on it. Dib types on his laptop keyboard.

Dib: But once I do, the guards will be after us.

Gaz: Don't worry about the guards. I know my way around this place. Just break me out of this tank or I'll throw you out—

Dib: Okay! I get the point.

Dib presses a key and some locks on every corner of the tank turn. The whole tank covering then lifts up. Gaz then walks up to Dib and beats him up. She chokes, punches, swings, and stomps Dib repeatedly. They finally leave the room, Dib looking severely beaten. Gaz walks through a security laser beam and an alarm begins blaring. She throws Dib into an air shaft and jumps in after him. At the end of the shaft, Gaz kicks in some grating revealing that they are now outside of Membrane Labs hundreds of feet in the air over water and spiky rocks. They climb onto the railing and push up against the walls. They run into some Membrane Guards holding tasers in front of them. They look back and see buzz saws on mechanical arms sticking out of the air shaft. Hover defense bots appear in front of them and above them. They are seemingly surrounded.

Cut to Mystical Hill. Dib and Gaz pull up in a smoking, totaled car with Gaz in the driver's seat. They exit, wearing beaver suits.

Dib: Woo! What an incredible and daring escape! That was amazing!

Gaz: I liked the part where that giant robot squid launched missiles at us.

A helicopter is heard. Searchlights from bellow shine.

Membrane Guard (V.O.): We're only tryin' to help ya, Pig Girl! Give yourself up! Come on, piggy!

Dib and Gaz shed their beaver suits.

Dib: Science won't help you, Gaz.

Gaz: Science won't replace your head after I tear it from your torso if you don't hurry!

Dib: Right.

Dib pulls out a spelldrive.

Dib: I got this spelldrive from the Swollen Eyeball. If it works, we can use it to travel to the realm of the very creature who gave you your weird pork powers!

A searchlight shines on them.

Membrane Guard (V.O.): There they are! Get 'em! Get 'em!

Gaz: Do it already!

Dib: Yeah! Okay! Activating spelldrive now!

Dib opens the spelldrive and a blinding white light pours out of it. It hovers in the air and sucks Gaz in. Dib's arm is sucked in but Dib pulls it out. He screams and clings to the car but is eventually pulled in. The Membrane Guard drops his flashlight.

Membrane Guard: We're too late! They transformed into a book! I told 'em this would happeeeen!

Cut to the Realm of the Shadowhog. A vortex opens and Dib materializes next to Gaz as he screams. They walk up to a Pig Temple.

Dib: Wow! Look at all that pork!

Gaz: I've seen more.

Laughing is heard. The ground shakes. The Shadowhog bursts out in front of them.

Shadowhog: I am the Shadowhog! What is it that you want from me, child who conjured me and child who was blessed with pig senses?

Dib: Um, Shadowpig... My sister doesn't want your curse anymore.

Shadowhog: The most bless-ed of gifts you call a curse? You insult me! You said your sister really—

Dib: Was a special, lovely person! Yes, yes, but we're in a bit of a hurry, we're—

Shadowhog: Did you conjure up a Big Head Demon to give you a big head? Man, that is a really big head!

Dib: No, I didn't! It's this way on its own! Now can you help us or not!?

Shadowhog: There is the terrible trial of the Shadowhog, but it is a foolish thing to attempt to give back such a wonderful gift. Even more foolish to think that you will pass the trial! Should you fail, little girl, you will suffer a fate worse than your worse nightmares!

Gaz: There's no fate worse than this, except for the fate of my brother if this doesn't work.

Dib: She's right, you know.

Shadowhog: So, you agree to undertake... the trial?

Gaz: Yeah. I guess so.

Shadowhog: Then follow me into the sacred hall of the stinking piggy of stinking pigginess!

Shadowhog walks into the hall. Gaz and Dib follow. A large doorway opens at the end of the hall. Shadowhog looks towards Gaz. Gaz grunts and walks inside. Dib follows, but the Shadowhog stops him.

Shadowhog: No! Only the Pig Girl may come inside. You must wait outside.

A pair of floating pig guards appear. They shoot beams into Dib's head, which allow them to drag him out. Dib groans.

Dib: But she's helpless without my knowledge of the supernatural! You can't do this!

The doors close.

Dib: Wait!

The pig guards reach the entrance and lift Dib into the air. They drop Dib and he groans. The pig guards suddenly swell into massive pig brutes. Dib runs up and into one of their legs and simply bounces off.

Dib: Let me through! That's my little sister in there! There's no way she can stand up to that giant pig thing, no offense.

The pig guards grunt. Dib points off.

Dib: Hey look! There's something a pig thing would like!

The pig guards look, grunting in curiosity. Dib runs passed them. They run after him. One of them grabs Dib by the head.

Cut to the trial room. It's a large coliseum.

Shadowhog: Let the dreaded trial of the Shadowhog begin! Are you ready, child?

Gaz: Sure. Why not?

Shadowhog: Very well! (grunts) How tall am I?

Gaz plays with a yoyo.

Gaz: I'm guessing about 8 feet, six inches.

Shadowhog: I guess so. Next, what is the secret code for unlimited lives in Super Kicky Fighter?

Gaz: Up up down down left right left right A B B A start.

Shadowhog: Really? Cool. The trial is over! Yay for you!

Shadowhog claps. Cut to the outside. Dib is pushed by a pig guard and is sent sliding along the ground. The force of the blow causes the ground to shred under Dib.

Back inside, Gaz plays an video game with Shadowhog on a pig console system plugged into a pig TV while sitting on a pig couch. On the TV screen, one character hops on top of the other.

Outside, a pig guard holds onto Dib's legs and beats him against the ground as he yells. The guard lets go of Dib and he slams into the ground, leaving an imprint. The other guard then picks Dib up and twirls him around.

Inside, an ice cream man hands Gaz a cone.

Outside, Dib slams into a pedestal.

Inside, the Shadowhog lifts his robes and reveals a ballerina outfit. He does a little dance.

Outside, Dib runs towards the temple but the pig guard lands right behind him. The force of his jump propels Dib into a wall.

Inside, Gaz and Shadowhog have a tea party.

Gaz: Yeah, Zim's an alien but so what. He's too dumb to take over the Earth. Why should I have to listen to Dib's constant—

Dib: Stoooop!

Dib runs in. A guard slides up to him and grabs him by the leg.

Dib: She's just a little girl! It's not her fault she failed your test! Look! It's me you want! I cast the spell on her because I wanted to see what it would do before trying it on myself! She doesn't deserve to suffer your punishment!

Shadowhog: Uuh, actually, she—

Gaz: No. Let's hear him out.

Dib walks up.

Dib: Mister Pig Monster, spare my sister and punish me instead! Punish me instead!

Shadowhog: Ummm...

Gaz nods.

Shadowhog: Okaaaay.

Shadowhog looms over Dib. Shadowhog mutters and places a headpiece of toilet scrubbers on Dib's head.

Shadowhog: As punishment, you must clean my filthy toilet of filthy piggy filth! It's over there!

Shadowhog points and an outhouse bursts out of the ground. It opens, revealing another realm. Inside is a scary pig-shaped toilet just beyond a path over a lava pit.

Dib: That's it? That isn't so bad!

Dib walks into the outhouse, singing to himself. He looks down into the toilet bowl and screams.

Dib: No! Nooo! Oooh! Naaa! Oooh! Oh!

Cut to Bloaty's Pizza Hog. Gaz and Professor Membrane sit in a booth. Gaz eats pizza.

Professor Membrane: Sorry about imprisoning you and turning you into a media freak, honey! It was in the name of science and... hey, where's your brother?

Gaz: He's in a pig world netherworld cleaning out toilets with his head.

Membrane laughs.

Professor Membrane: You're my funny child!

Cut to the coliseum. Dib can be heard groaning and holding back vomit from inside the outhouse.

Dib (O.S.): I'm sorry! Sorry! Sorry!

The outhouse slides into the ground.


FADE IN:

INT. SKOOL—DAY

Ms. Bitters lectures to a bored classroom.

Ms. Bitters: And fire consumed the whole of the town—all because of another careless cow.

Mr. Elliot pokes his head into the class. Bitters fumes at him.

Mr. Elliot: Hi, Ms. Bitters. Sorry to interrupt, but I'm here to talk to the kids.

Ms. Bitters: Make it quick! You have one minute.

Ms. Bitters whips out a menacing electronic timer. It starts ticking down from sixty seconds.

Mr. Elliot: Great! Hi kids, I'm Mr. Elliot and I'm here to talk to you about the "Bee A Good Neighbor" program. It's for taking care of orphans, and we could really use some volunteers! Whaddaya say? Huh? (there's no response) You get to wear bee suits. Get it? "Bee a good neighbor". (still nothing)

Mr. Elliot (CONT'D): I'm not leaving 'til I get a volunteer.

The clock ticks down to twenty seconds.

The Letter M: RUN, Mr. Elliot! RUUUN!!

Mr. Elliot: C'mon kids, it's fun. Right ZIM?

PAN to Zim sitting at his desk in a ridiculous bee suit. Dib starts to pay attention.

Dib: Wait, how would Zim know?

Mr. Elliot: Well, he's already part of the program. Joined up weeks ago! Isn't that right?

Zim shrugs with humility.

Zim: I just love the smiles on their disgusting, drool-covered faces. Oh, those adorable little dolphins.

Dib (Suspicious): Orphans!!!

The clock is dangerously close to zero. A shadow starts to form around Mr. Elliot, as though something large is above him.

Dib (CONT'D): Mr. Elliot, I'll volunteer. SOMEONE's gotta watch Zim.

Mr. Elliot: Great! Thanks a lot kids.

Mr. Elliot, seemingly oblivious to the threat, leaves just before the clock strikes zero. The class lets out a SIGH OF RELIEF. Someone throws wadded-up paper at Dib.

INT. ORPHANAGE—DAY

Mr. Elliot guides a bee-suited Dib through a decrepit orphanage.

Mr. Elliot: Thanks for volunteering Dib. It's good to see kids taking time to help others.

Dib (Not really listening): That's what I always say. Where's Zim?

Mr. Elliot: Wanna find your little friend, huh? Well, he's over here.

INT. ORPHANAGE GAME ROOM—CONTINUOUS

Mr. Elliot takes Dib to Zim's room. Zim, in a bee suit, teems with snot-nosed four-year olds. Zim, initially not noticing Dib and Mr. Elliot, screams in disgust.

Mr. Elliot: Oh, look how the kids just love him!

Dib (Quietly, to Zim): You're not going to get away with whatever you're up to Zim.

Zim: Foolish, paranoid Dib. I am here for the children. The joy of this writhing mass of giggling poop meat is all ZIM is after.

Mr. Elliot: Well put Zim. Keep up the good work. (to Dib) C'mon Dibbers. Let's go.

Dib: But, Zim...

Mr. Elliot: You kids can play later.

Mr. Elliot ushers Dib from Zim's room. Dib protests.

Dib: I'll be watching you ZIM!

Zim: Watch all you want Dib, but...

A kid comes up and tags Zim.

Kid: You're it.

Zim (Horrifed): Aaagh! MUCUS! I mean... good one.

Mr. Elliot and Dib leave the room. Once alone, Zim begins to drop his child-loving facade.

Zim (CONT'D): All is going exactly as I planned...

Zim lets loose a long, evil laugh. His laugh is muffled by children crawling onto his face. He begins to cough.

Zim (CONT'D): Ack! Get off of me! (the kids don't respond) Heed me! I am your game leader! Off! (suffering under the weight) Why do you not listen to ZIM?

Kid: You didn't say "Simon Says".

Zim: Who is this Simon and how does he wield such power? Explain to ZIM!

Kid: Okay, watch. Simon says, get off of ZIM.

The kids climb off Zim. Zim's astonished. He smiles evilly.

Zim: Perhaps I have an even better plan...

INT. ORPHANAGE BASEMENT—CONTINUOUS

Mr. Elliot walks Dib into the basement.

Mr. Elliot: That bee suit's been enhanced with all sorts of orphan helping features: A navigational antennae, night vision, offensive odor spray cannons...

Dib: What about the wings?

Mr. Elliot: Oh well, you can make them flap, but they're really just for show. A flying bee suit for volunteers would just be insane.

Dib looks confused as Mr. Elliot leads him into a giant room. In the heart of the room sits the Atomic Baby Changer, a loud, monstrous baby changing machine.

Mr. Elliot (CONT'D): This is the Atomic Baby Changer. The most important part of the orphanage.

As Mr. Elliot talks we see a crying baby in a diaper on a conveyor belt. The baby disappears into a chute. The machine whirs and chugs for a moment or two before the same child, now smiling and licking a lollipop, appears from the other side of the chute.

Mr. Elliot (V.O.) (CONT'D): Modern babies need modern diaper changing, and this machine does it all. Your job is to stay down here and keep an eye on the core temprature.

Dib (Pointing up): But Zim's up THERE.

Mr. Elliot: I know you want to hang out with your friend, but it's important that you stay down here...

Dib tunes Mr. Elliot out. Dib envisions Mr. Elliot's head turn into Zim's head, but still with Mr. Elliot's body. In Dib's mind, Zim taunts him.

Zim: Hey Dib, have fun with your pitiful little job while I go about ending life as you know it!

Dib: You won't get away with this ZIM!

Dib snaps out of his little daydream. Dib's little outburst startles Mr. Elliot.

Mr. Elliot: Dib, were you listening to me?

Dib: Um... yes.

Mr. Elliot: Good. Cause a Baby Changer meltdown would be disastrous. Have fun!!

Mr. Elliot leaves. Dib sits and watches the Atomic Baby Changer gauge for a beat or two. It's dreadfully boring.

Dib: Forget this.

Dib heads upstairs.

INT. ORPHANAGE—CONTINUOUS

Dib sneaks around the mysteriously empty orphanage.

Dib: Where is everybody?

INT. ORPHANAGE GAME ROOM—CONTINUOUS

Zim lords over a group of zombie-like orphans.

Zim: Simon says, roll on the ground!

The orphans roll on the ground. Zim utters an evil laugh. Dib enters the room.

Dib: What's going on here ZIM?

Zim: Hello, Diaper Dib. You're just in time to witness my latest and most genius plan. Orphans, Simon says, bark like a moose.

The kids are confused. After a beat, they all make ASSORTED BARNYARD NOISES. Dib laughs.

Dib: You're planning on using "Simon Says" to take over the world?

Zim: Yes. Mm-hm. Clever, don't you think? Now, behold my victory! Orphans, take over the world for ZIM!

The orphans do nothing. Dib scoffs at Zim

Zim (CONT'D): Oh yes. Sorry... Simon says, take over the world for ZIM!

The children run out of the room like crazed zombies, knocking Dib over in the process, and scatter into the city.

Dib: WHOAH! Wait a minute!!

Dib goes running for the exit, chasing the orphans.

EXT. ORPHANAGE—CONTINUOUS

Dib goes outside just in time to see the last of the kids stumble out into the world. Zim soon follows, admiring his evil plan, as the children go about wrecking havoc in Zim's name.

Zim: Yess...yess...very good. (Zim chuckles to himself) And to think, this was Plan B.

Dib: What was plan A?

Zim: Oh, nothing. But rest assured it was brilliant. Not as brilliant as this, but brilliant nonetheless.

Zim rambles on as Dib watches in horror as the kids rock cars with people in them, paint graffiti onto buildings, disobey "keep off the grass" signs, and ride atop people's pets. Zim notices Dib panicing.

Zim (CONT'D): You'll never catch them all, Dib!

A nearby orphan lifts a power box, exposing large power cables. Dib sees this and runs towards the cables.

Dib: I'm not giving up yet ZIM!

Dib activates the feeble wings on his bee suit. Zim laughs at him.

Zim: You'll never get off the ground with those!

Dib: They just need a little boost!

Dib pulls one of the power cables from the ground and hooks it into his bee suit. The wings go into overdrive and Dib begins to hover. His suits sparks. Dib's smile is huge.

Dib (CONT'D): HAH!! WHO'S LAUGHING NOW!

Dib's smile turns to sheer terror as the bee suit rockets off faster than any boy in a bee suit should know.

Dib (CONT'D): GEEEAAAAAAGH!! OH NO!! OH NO!!

EXT. THE CITY—CONTINUOUS

Dib gains some control of his insane bee suit and flies up to a zombie orphan scaring players at a football game.

Dib: Simon says, never listen to Zim again.

The kid stops chasing players and wanders back to the orphanage. Dib flies off. The players watch him go.

Football Player: Thanks, crazy bee boy!

MONTAGE

(Throughout this whole bit, Dib is flying like a lunatic, slamming into walls and looking barely in control. To each kid he says: "Simon says, never listen to Zim again.")

Dib flies up to a kid tipping over a garbage can and tells him to stop. The kid stops.

Dib flies up to a group of kids uprooting lawn gnomes. Dib tells them to stop and they do.

Dib flies to an orphan atop a jungle gym, King Kong style. The kid swats at circling jets. Dib tells him to stop. He stops.

EXT. ORPHANAGE—CONTINUOUS

Dib, exhausted after rounding up orphans all day, flies the last of the orphans back to the orphanage and drops him off.

Dib: There, that's the last one.

Zim looks irritated, but not as angry as one might expect.

Zim: Nice work, Dib. I guess you showed me.

Dib: You won't be using orphans to take over the world. Not on my watch.

Zim: Hey, what can I say?

Suddenly, the earth begins to RUMBLE with a great intensity.

Dib: Oh no... the diaper changer!

Zim: HAH! YES. You stepped right into my trap Dib. That was my plan all along, to get you to forget about the diaper machine!

Dib: But you've been here for weeks. You could've just overloaded the machine without me being here to try and stop you.

Zim: YES! INGENIOUS!!

Dib: No, ZIM, it's dumb..oh..GOTTA GO!

Dib races off to stop the diaper machine.

INT. ORPHANAGE BASEMENT—CONTINUOUS

Dib runs, trying to avoid the impending stink catastrophe.

Dib: It smells awful down here.

Dib reaches the machine and sees the core gauge reading well into the red. He franticly looks for a shutoff switch.

Dib (CONT'D): I can't remember what Mr. Elliot said to shut the machine down.

Atomic Baby Changer Computer: Twenty seconds 'til core meltdown.

Dib panics, randomly presses buttons and screaming. Mr. Elliot walks in.

Mr. Elliot: Hey Dib, I was just coming to check on you...

Atomic Baby Changer Computer: Five seconds 'til core meltdown.

Mr. Elliot (Shocked): Oh my goodness!!

Mr. Elliot runs to the machine and presses an overly large emergency button. The Atomic Baby Changer shuts down.

Atomic Baby Changer Computer: Meltdown averted. Have a nice day.

INT. ORPHANAGE—LATER

Dib sits among a pile of dirty diapers. Mr. Elliot scolds him. Zim looks on.

Mr. Elliot: Since it's going to take a while for the Baby Changer to recharge, you'll have to take care of these by hand.

Mr. Elliot leaves.

Dib: Okay... well NOW I've really, really thwarted your evil plan, Zim.

Zim: That's what you think. Little did you know that from the very beginning my real plan was for you to be forced to clean mountains of baby filth. ZIM WINS!!

Dib shakes his head. A monster of a child walks up to Dib.

Monster Child: UH OH! I GONNA DOODIE!

Dib looks at Zim, still congratulating himself.

Zim (Giggling): ZIM, you're genius. ZIM. (extended dialogue)

Dib: Hey kid, Simon says give Zim a hug.

The kid goes tottering after Zim.

Zim (O.S.): No, no! Get away from me! Oh, oh, ooh, you hideous child beast. Oh oh. Your meat stinks.

Dib smiles.

INT. ZIM'S HOUSE - FRONT LAWN.

Zim is in his front yard working on a mechanical monstrosity that looks very much like a huge cannon. The neighbours gawk at his bizzare contraption.

Zim (Shouting into the house): Hurry up, GIR. I need those hydro-spanners so that I can prepare the new... (notices the gawking neighbours) ...bird feeder.

A camera flashes. Zim whirls to find Dib standing in the middle of the sidewalk with his camera.

Zim (CONT'D): DIB! I see through your disguise!

Dib: I'm not in disguise. And if this...thing is supposed to be secret, you're doing a real bad job keeping it that way.

Zim: SILENCE!

Zim chases after Dib. Dib throws his camera away.

INT. ZIM'S LIVING ROOM - MINUTES LATER.

Zim storms in carrying Dib's broken camera. GIR, in his dog suit, sits motionless against the couch.

Zim: That little spying weasel. Doesn't he have anything better to do than try to save his planet from me? (GIR hasn't moved) You know, GIR, you're supposed to be guarding the base against him!

Zim pokes GIR to finish his point, but GIR just wobbles there. After a second, GIR's suit collapses, revealing it to be filled with ground beef.

Zim (CONT'D): AAAGH!! GIR!? GIIIR!! They've turned you into ground beef! HOWW!? WHYY?!

The real GIR pops his head up from behind the couch.

GIR: Fooooled you! Now there's two GIR's! That's BEEF GIR! LET'S EAT'IM!

Zim (Thinking): Why would you... WAITAMINUTE! A decoy. Your insane idea has given me a brilliant one. If Dib thinks there is another Irken on Earth, he won't have as much time to interfere in the creation of my SUPER WEAPON. But WHO will be my decoy?

GIR: I WISH I KNEW!

A screen appears inside Zim's base. Gretchen's face appears on it.

Zim: No. Too normal looking. (the shot switches to Zootch) Hmmm... I DO like his hair... (now it's Morla, Zim just RETCHES. It changes to Poonchy: Drinker of Hate.) Poonchy... Yesss....

INT. SKOOL HALLWAY - OUTSIDE CLASS.

The SKOOL BELL rings. The door to Ms. Bitters' class opens and students exit the room. Zim stealthily zips outside and presses himself against a wall. When Poonchy walks out, Zim lurches forward and BUMPS into him, dropping a notebook as he does so. On the cover of the notebook is an Irken insignia and the word "Poonchy". Dib walks out of the class and steps over the notebook. Zim picks it up.

Zim (clearly acting): Oh, Invader P— uhhh... I mean, just regular skool child Poonchy, you have dropped your notebook.

Dib looks back, irritated. Poonchy ignores Zim and simply walks away. Zim flips through the book, exposing various Irken text and schematics. He suddenly turns towards Dib.

Zim (CONT'D): Poonchy? An alien? Dib, that's crazy!

Dib: What are you talking about, Zim?

Zim: How dare you accuse that innocent non-alien child of being an Irken spy?

Dib: I'm not in the mood for jokes, Zim.

Zim: Heh?

Dib turns and walks away. Zim looks frustrated.

INT. SKOOL CAFETERIA.

The cafeteria bustles with children eating lunch. Dib sits by himself eating his bag lunch. Across the cafeteria sits Poonchy with several of his friends. Zim stands near the door, surveying the situation. Zim walks behind Poonchy and slaps an Irken Pak on him. The backpack fastens itself into Poonchy's spine, as he writhes and struggles. He sits back up, dazed.

Zim: Hello there, my Poonchy friend.

Zim sits next to Poonchy. All of Poonchy's friends see him sitting next to Zim and they walk away in social horror.

Friends (Wallah V.O.): Ew, I didn't know Poonchy and Zim were friends. They even wear the same backpack! Let's go guuuuys.

Dib looks up at the commotion and runs over to investigate.

Dib (Speaking to Zim): What're you doing to Poonchy, Zim?

Zim: What do you mean? What's wrong with his alien-style backpack?

Dib: I didn't say anything about backpacks...

Poonchy rubs his back and kind of stumbles away.

Poonchy: ...My back hurts...

Dib turns to follow Poonchy, but Zim grabs him.

Zim: All right, Dib, you win. I, Zim, am merely a decoy, sent here to distract you from the real INVADER... INVADER POONCHY! (he turns to the wall and starts pounding on it) Oh, I've failed you MASTER POONCHY!!

Dib: Okay, NOW you're just being weird Zim.

Dib walks away. Zim hasn't noticed yet. He's still pounding.

Zim: Curse you Dib, you're too clever...

He looks up to see Dib's reaction and realizes instead that the whole cafeteria stares at him. Zim looks irritated.

Zim (Plotting to himself): Fine, Dib. Looks like it's time for more drastic measures...

EXT. POONCHY'S HOUSE - NIGHT.

As Poonchy walks up the walkway of his house, the dark figure of Zim lurks around the corner. Poonchy rubs his new backpack and moans as he shuts the door behind him. Zzim listens from behind the door.

Poonchy (O.S,): Mom, skool was CRAZY. I'm gonna go to my room and wind down with some video games, ya know? Yahhh, YOU knowww. Yeah!

Zim smiles and sneaks away.

INT. POONCHY'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS.

Poonchy walks into his room, which is no longer his room. He's surrounded by Irken technology. There is a giant screen with what looks like video game controllers in front of it.

Poonchy: Coooool.

INT. MEMBRANE LIVING ROOM - NIGHT.

Dib sits on the sofa, watching TV. The intro for Mysterious Mysteries is playing. Suddenly, the screen goes fuzzy and a shadowy form appears. It's Zim in a bizzare disguise, his idea of spooky.

DIB: What the- ?

Shadowy Form (Zim): Agent Dib. I am Agent...eh...Loonypants from the Swollen Meatball Network.

Dib: Swollen Meatball Network? I've never heard of any Meatball—

Shadowy Form: SILENCE!!! We need you to investigate some alien signals in your neighborhood.

Dib: Okayyy...

EXT. POONCHY'S HOUSE - LATER

Dib scales the side of Poonchy's house, talking to himself.

Dib: I dunno about this "Swollen Meatball". If tonight's Mysterious Mysteries wasn't a rerun, I wouldn't even be here.

He peeks his head up to look into Poonchy's room. He is shocked to see Poonchy sitting amid all the Irken Techology. From his POV, Dib can't see what's on the video game screen.

INT. POONCHY'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS

Now we see the video game screen in the foreground, with Dib peeking in the background. The screen is swarming with "alien enemies". From his vantage point, Dib can only see the back of the screen and Poonchy playing his game.

Poonchy (Playing): I'll destroy them all!!!!

Dib's eyes go wide and he drops out of frame. THUD.

EXT. POONCHY'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

Dib stares up at Poonchy's room.

Dib: Poonchy really is an alien! And he wants to destroy us all!

INT. VOOT CRUISER - CONTINUOUS

High above, Zim hovers in his Voot Cruiser, watching. He can see Dib backing away from Poonchy's house. GIR sits next to him. Zim chuckles to himself.

Zim: HAH! I spared no detail to make Poonchy look like a real Irken. Now I can work on my SUPER WEAPON in peace.

EXT. POONCHY'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS

Poonchy spots a read button on his console.

Poonchy: What's this button do?

EXT. POONCHY'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

The top of Poonchy's house opens up, revealing the weapon that Zim was working on in the opening scene. Dib backs away in awe.

Dib: I've got to find help.

EXT. VOOT CRUISER - CONTINUOUS

Zim is shocked as the weapon folds out.

Zim: Wow, that really IS detailed. That looks just like my SUPER WEAPON... hey wait. That IS MY SUPER WEAPON! GIR! GIRRR!! Huh?! Huh?! (GIR says nothing. Zim pokes his head. Beef oozes out.) BEEEEEEEEF!

INT. POONCHY'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS

The game screen changes. Zim's Voot Cruiser fills the frame and a target reticle closes in on it.

Poonchy: I hope this game gets better...

EXT. VOOT CRUISER - CONTINUOUS

The laser cannon fires a bust of energy at the Voot. Zim shrieks and forces the Cruiser to dodge the beams. The sudden movement jars beef GIR out of his seat. Beef GIR flops around inside the cabin as Zim tries to control his ship.

INT. TV STUDIO - LATER

A Newscaster sits at a news desk.

Newscaster: This just in. An evil alien has taken over a local home and is firing lasers all crazy like. Authorities have the location surrounded. Reporter Ted Slunchy has the story...

EXT. POONCHY'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

Ted Slunchy stands in front of Poonchy's house, holding a microphone. Dib stands next to him. Bedlam stands behind them as the laser shoots at the surrounding police cars and military vehicles.

Ted Slunchy: I'm here with Dib, the boy who reported the alien to the authorities. Dib, isn't it true that you have a history of making this kind of thing up?

Dib (Perplexed): No.

Ted Slunchy: Very interesting. I'm also here with Doctor Spanky, laser specialist. Doctor, what do you have to say?

Doctor Spanky: What we have here is a high impact—

Suddenly, from behind them, someone shouts.

Random Voice (O.S.): It's going into super deluxe attack mode! It could destroy the world!!!

A light on top of the weapon switches from green to red. Ted pushes aside the expert. Pandemonium ensures.

Ted Slunchy: You heard it here first folks. This impressive alien threat has "Super deluxe attack mode" technology! Possible worldwide destruction. RUUUUUN!

The reporter runs away as everything dissolves into chaos.

INT. VOOT CRUISER - CONTINUOUS

The Cruiser hovers high above the madness. The inside of the ship is coated with meat. Zim has the newscast on a monitor.

Zim: Poonchy? Impressive?! But that's MY weapon! I MUST save the earth from POONCHY! Only then can I... destroy the EARTH! Computer, activate self-destruct for Poonchy's fake base!

Zim's Computer (O.S.): Base destruction sequence activated.

EXT. POONCHY'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

The cannon splits open and sparks start to shoot out of it. The crowd gasps. Dib yells at a general, who stands in front of a group of military mechs and tanks.

Dib: You're gonna have to destroy that house! You can't let the super weapon go off!!

General: The boy is right!

The noise level outside is intense as things explode, people scream, and cars crash.

CUT TO:

EXT. POONCHY'S HOUSE, THE KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS

For some reason, it's really quiet. Poonchy's Mom sits at the kitchen table. She nods off. Through the window, we can see all kinds of crazy stuff going on. Behind her, the microwave hums. After a second, the microwave dings. She snaps awake.

Poonchy's Mom (Screaming): POONCHY! DINNER'S READY!

INT. POONCHY'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

Poonchy excitedly plays his game. In the corner of his screen, we can see the self-destruction countdown.

Poonchy: Not now mom, I almost got the super weapon all charged up. Something cool's gonna happen just as soon as I—

Suddenly, his mom appears in the doorway.

Poonchy's Mom (Insanely Cheery): I made fishsticks! Yum, yum yum yum yum.

Poonchy (Insanely Happy): YAAHHH!! FISHSTICKS!! Oooooooh!

Poonchy unplugs the game and runs out of the room with his mom. The two of them happy about fishsticks.

INT. VOOT CRUISER - CONTINUOUS

The destruction countdown stops on Zim's monitor.

Zim: It's shut down! Now I won't have to blow up the base! Oh well, Woulda been neat.

EXT. POONCHY'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

The cannon powers down and stops firing.

Dib: Look! I think he's surrendering!

General: You might be right. Let's send in the ground troops just to be safe!

Troops bust into the house. We hear Poonchy's mom screaming.

Groundtroops (O.S.): Heyyy FISHSTICKS!!

EXT. POONCHY'S HOUSE - LATER

Ted Slunchy once again stands with his microphone.

Ted Slunchy: ...And in the end, it was really just a video game belonging to a normal boy... (A picture of Poonchy fills the screen.) Who was falsely accused of being an alien by this boy... (horrible picture of Dib) ...who was hauled away from the scene after accusing this woman... (picture of Poonchy's mom) of being an alien robot. (Shot of Dib being pulled away from Poonchy's mom) Even more mysterious was the green boy yelling at a dog stuffed with beef. (picture of Zim screaming at GIR) They don't get any weirder than that!

GIR, out of his costume and giggling, floats by Ted carrying a load of ground beef. Ted watches GIR fly off-screen, and is immediately hit in the face with a wad of meat. The image cuts to static, as though a TV is being turned off.

CUT TO:

INT. ZIM'S LIVING ROOM - LATER

Zim sits on the couch in front of his TV with the remote control in his hand. The room is covered with beef.

Zim: Well, with Dib in jail, he can't bug me for a while, so...I guess I win. (beat) SUCCESS!!!

Zim shoves his fists in the air victoriously. TRIUMPHANT MUSIC swells until Zim is slammed hard off-screen by a monstrous blast of beef. GIR giggles.


Hiding behind a tree, Dib takes notes as he watches an odd-looking child playing on the monkey bars.

Dib: Subject Woozly: possible werewolf or-HEY!!

Dib is suddenly splashed with a blue liquid. He turns to see a beaming Zim holding an empty container.

Zim: HAH! Prepare for the end, Dib! You've just been splashed with my most diabolical creation EVER!

Dib (Terrified): AAARGH!! IT BURNS!! I'M MELTING!

Zim (Confused): Wait...that's not what it does.

Dib (calm again): Oh, oh yeah. So what DOES it do?

Zim (gleefully evil again): It causes anyone who gets happy to blow up! MUAHAHAHAHAHAH!!

Dib: But I'm NEVER that happy, especially when I'm covered in goo.

Zim looks at his empty bucket, then back at Dib.

Zim: You may have won the war, Dib, but you have not won the... the thing bigger than war. I will create more happy popping juice and sneak up on you when you're happy!

Dib: I won't be happy until you're destroyed!

Zim (Flustered): NEVER!! NEVERRR!!! AAAAGH!!!

Zim storms off. Dib looks after him, smug. When Dib turns to walk away, he sees Keef standing just an inch away from him.

Keef: Wow, Dib you're so lucky to be friends with Zim. I was friends with Zim once. Those were the best days of my life!

Dib: Friends? Um, actually—

Keef (Dreamy): Isn't he just the best?!

Dib: Look Keef... (getting an idea) you know what, Zim is the best. And I have something that'll make him really happy. Wanna help?

Keef: Boy, DO I!? If I make him happy, Zim might even let me come near him again without taking my organs out! YAY!

Dib: Great, here's all you have to do! Just take this Brain Rotter, and put it on Zim's head! Easy! Zim loves these.

Keef lets out a shrill squeal of joy and takes the Brain Rotter. He runs toward Zim. Dib smiles.

Keef, in his wild enthusiasm, runs into Zim, accidentally attaching the Brain Rotter to his butt.

Keef (CONT'D): Hey, buddy! It sure has been awhile, huh?

Zim plucks the device off and glares at Keef, who just smiles. Zim sees Dib hiding in the distance.

Still hiding, Dib is surprised when Keef slides in on his face, having been tossed by Zim. As soon as Dib looks for where Zim went, the Irken, out of nowhere, clamps the device on Dib's head. Dib runs around, screaming.

Dib: ARGH! BRAINS... MELTING!

Zim laughs and walks off.

Keef: WOW, look! He really IS happy!

Keef drags Dib off.

INT. DIB'S HOUSE - LATER THAT DAY

Dib enters, a bandage around his head. He stops short when he sees Gaz, Membrane, and Keef watching TV. Only Keef notices Dib.

Keef: Heya, pal! (to Gaz) That's my friend, Dib.

Gaz growls. Dib pulls Keef aside.

Dib: KEEF?! Um... I don't think us being friends is gonna work out. Go home.

Keef: Oh, okay Dib. I gotcha.

Dib breathes a sigh of relief and heads to his room.

INT. DIB'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS

Dib flicks on the light and is shocked to see Keef sitting on a new, second bed across from Dib's own. Dib's room has been converted into a cheery, happy place. Keef sits on his bed and reads comics. Dib gasps.

Keef: Welcome to your room, Dib! All that dark, spooky stuff was making you sad.

Dib: WHAT THE?!! WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?!!

Keef: Aww... SOMEONE I know is GRUUUM-PEE! You get some rest so we can play with Zim some more tomorrow.

Dib: Zim and I are not friends, Keef! I wouldn't be friends with him if he were the last person on Earth! And he's not even a person!

Dib throws Keef out of his window while burying him in all his happy Keef posters and such.

EXT. MEMBRANE'S FRONT YARD

Keef (Shocked): Weeeee! Zim and Dib aren't friends? I'm going to make them friends, and they'll be so happy, they'll like me even more!

EXT. ZIM'S HOUSE - NIGHT

GIR is sitting in the yard, holding a fishing rod. Keef walks up and sees GIR.

Keef: Hey, GIR!

GIR's eyes light up, and he just points at Keef, letting out a joyous squeal of recognition.

Keef: I missed you too! I need you to do something very important. You need to tell Zim to invite Dib over for dinner.

GIR holds his head in his hands, shocked. He makes a joyous, shocked squeal of insanity.

Keef: But GIR, it will make Zim happy, and you want him to be happy, right?

GIR bounces happily, and squeals like never before. HE gives Keef a lunatic thumbs-up and runs into his house.

INT. ZIM'S LIVING ROOM - THAT NIGHT

Zim berates GIR.

Zim: Invite my filthy nemesis to sup at ZIM's base?! Into MY base for foodening?!

GIR: But he so nice. You just gotta give him a chance, and open up his head and sleep in it like a squishy little bed.

Zim: WHAT? Look, NO. Invite Dib over...that's insane, even for you.

GIR shrugs and walks away. Zim watches him, suspiciously.

EXT. ZIM'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

Keef has been looking in the window.

Keef: Hmm... I'll just have to think of something else.

MONTAGE

- EXT. ZIM'S HOUSE

Keef, holding a bunch of balloons, rings Zim's doorbell. Zim opens the door and sees the tag reads "TO ZIM FROM DIB." Zim grabs a vacuum pump, sucks up all the air from the balloons and uses it to blow Keef off his property.

- INT. MEMBRANE FAMILY BATHROOM

A messy, just-awakened Dib walks into the bathroom to brush his teeth and is startled to see Zim behind him in the mirror. Dib trips and falls in the toilet. It turns out to be a cutout of Zim, with a word balloon that reads: "I sure do like you!". Dib looks out the bathroom window and sees a giggling Keef running away from his house.

- INT. SKOOL HALLWAY - THE NEXT DAY

Zim and Dib eye each other as they walk in opposite directions down the hallway. Suddenly, they are inexplicably drawn to each other and collide with a sick thud. They are stuck together as kids laugh at them. Keef walks by and smiles. Dib and Zim look in their backpacks and find them loaded with magnets. They look at each other confused and then, with anger, turn their collective gaze down the hall toward Keef. They then struggle to detach themselves.

EXT. DIB'S ROOF - NIGHT

Dib looks through a telescope. Through a telescope's POV, we see a beautifully calm distant planet. The telescope view pans down to see Keef (accompanied by scary music) merrily approaching Dib's house. Dib panics and goes to his laptop.

Dib (to himself): Oh no, Keef, you're not getting anywhere near my house. The security system is on and—

He turns to see Keef down below holding a megaphone (but still screaming as though he weren't).

Dib (CONT'D): Ahhh!

Keef: Hi, BUDDY! I've got news for you, Dib. (loud whisper) Top secret news.

Dib: Don't your parents wonder where you are?

Keef: Yeah. Anyhow, my news is about Zim.

Dib: Yeah, yeah, he's a great guy, I know.

Keef (being sneaky): That's true, but the news is he's ready to talk to you. He wants to admit to being a ghost or whatever.

Dib (not buying it): Oh he does, does he?

Keef: He sure does. He's just bursting with wanting to-tell-you-ness. Are you bursting with to wanting-to-hear-it-ness?

Dib (Flat): Yes. Yes, I am.

Keef: Great. Zim will meet you tomorrow night at 7:00 at McMeaties.

Dib: The McMeaties on Maple?

Keef: No.

Dib: The one on Haverford?

Keef: Uh-uh.

Dib: The Greenbush one?

Keef: No. This is fun!

Dib (Losing it): No it isn't, Keef! It isn't fun at all! Which McMeaties?!

Keef: The other one on Maple.

Dib: Fine.

Dib goes back to his laptop and presses some more buttons. Down below, a giant scoop-like mechanism picks Keef up and tosses him across the city.

Keef: (O.S.flying): See ya buddy!

Dib uses his laptop to dial a number. It rings.

INT. MCMEATY'S - THE NEXT DAY

Dib enters and sees Zim, none-too-pleased, sitting at a booth. Dib walks up to him. GIR, sitting on Zim's shoulder, eats his food from the top of Zim's head. Dib sits down. The scene mirrors the diner scene in Heat; sort of. Dib and Zim speak awkwardly as their eyes dart around, aware of being watched. GIR's chewing can be heard throughout.

Zim: So, uh, here we are.

Dib: Yep. Keef says you wanted to tell me something.

Zim: Yes, yes. I sure do.

Dib: Isn't Keef just great?

Zim: Boy oh boy, yes... So, I'm an alien.

Dib: Hmm... I thought so. Well, thanks for letting me know. Now we can be friends forever.

The two squirm and wince as they shake hands. Keef jumps in from out of nowhere, excited and beaming!

Keef: I DID IT! You guys are friends now! YAY!

Dib (muttering): That's right.

Zim (also muttering): We sure are.

Keef: I knew it! Now we can ALL be the best friends, and hang out all the time, and we can rent an apartment in the city, and get a car with three steering wheels and buy footy pyjamas and—

Dib (suddenly frantic): Oh no! Footy pyjamas! ZIM! THE PLAN! NOW!!

Zim pulls out another container of the happiness goo, the very same used on Dib earlier.

Zim: AHAAA!!

Zim splashes Keef with the blue liquid. Nothing happens.

Keef: —and we'll spin around and get sick, because that's just so fun, and we'll get jobs fixing copier machines, and oh, it'll be— (extended dialogue)

Dib (teeth gritted): Nothing seems to be happening.

Zim (teeth equally gritted): He must not be happy enough. We're gonna have to make him happier.

Dib (Disgusted): You mean...?

Zim (with much disgust and hate): Yes....

Zim reluctantly stands up. Dib starts a weak game of patty-cake with him. Their hands are all over the place and they're mumbling different words. (overlapping extended dialogue) It's pathetic.

Keef: OH WOW! LOOKIT THAT! You're even better friends than I thought! WOW!!

Dib (Irritated): He's still not popping.

Zim (almost in physical pain): We'll have to do more.

Zim angrily begins an awkward jig. Dib locks his arm with Zim's and jigs right along with him.

Keef: YAAY! SO HAPPY!! SO HAPPEEE!!!

Dib: I think he's almost there. (Loudly) Zim, you are the best friend a guy could have. What with your smart... arms and nice sense of... evil.

Zim: Thank you, good friend Dib. You, too, are a pile of friendship and a wonderful display of human boy... nice.

Keef, smiling huge, starts to shake but will not pop. In slo-mo, Dib and Zim move toward a hug. This is intercut with Keef's increasing shaking. Finally, Zim and Dib hug.

Back to real-time, Zim and Dib watch slack-jawed as the insanely happy Keef pops like a balloon. The crowd in the restaurant gasps, until Keef reforms, looking woozy.

Keef: It's okay, everybody. I'm alright.

Keef passes out.

Zim and Dib, still hugging, realize what they're doing, kick at each other and separate, looking sick.

Zim: Ahem... He'll be out for a few weeks, so I guess that's that.

Zim and Dib head out of the restaurant. GIR still sits on Zim's head.

EXT. MCMEATY'S - CONTINUOUS

Dib: Hey, you admitted to being an alien!

Zim: That was just part of the act.

Dib pulls out a little mini-camera.

Dib (suddenly triumphant): But, I videotaped it!

Zim: AGH! Is that hug on there as well?

Dib: Huh? Huh? Ahhhh!

Dib looks at the camera, horrified. He shrieks and smashes the camera on the floor. Zim takes the opportunity to kick Dib in the butt, knocking him to the floor. Zim runs off, and Dib, furious, chases him.


Dib chases Zim down the street. Dib has almost caught up with Zim as he turns towards his house. Right before he gets to the gate, Dib jumps in front of him holding up a spooky-looking talisman.

Dib: It's over, ZIM! There's nowhere left for you to hide!

Zim: What about my house?

Dib: Oh, yeah, I guess you can hide there... HEY WAIT! NO! Stay where you are!

Zim: Or what, you're gonna stop me with your oven mitt?

Dib: It's not an oven mitt, you lizard, it's a genuine freezing talisman. There's no way you'll escape its power.

Zim: Your loony "PARA-CHUTING" powers don't scare me, Dib. All it does is make you look stupid!

Dib: It's para-NORMAL, and you're wrong, it makes me look cool! NOW TAKE THIS! (chanting like a lunatic) BLOOGA BLOOGY WABLOOPY SHMOOPY BOOOPEE!! (extended dialogue)

Dib cavorts like he's afflicted with something horrible and moronic. The talisman sparks and lets loose a pathetic display of confetti. Eventually, some feeble floating bunnies appear next to him.

Zim: That was sadder than I expected.

Dib (To himself): I knew I shouldn't have shopped at that Wizardry store at the mall.

Dib bitterly looks up from his talisman, and is taken by surprise when the floating bunnies, possibly angered by Dib's remark, attack him. Dib rolls and wails as the bunnies gnaw his flesh. Zim gestures to Dib that he's going inside his house. When Dib doesn't respond, Zim just walks inside.

INT. MEMBRANE KITCHEN - NIGHT

Dib walks in gloomy, with one bunny still attached to his head. He pulls it out and tosses it out the window. Membrane sits at the table, working on an experiment. The Professor sternly stares at a kitten on the table, occasionally tapping it with a spoon then jotting down some notes. Membrane notices his son's sorry appearance.

Membrane: Son, I detect you're not happy about something.

Dib: Dad, is it okay if you change what you want to do with your life?

Membrane: Well of course! There's nothing wrong with changing your mind, son. Unless you're me, because I am a scientist, I have always wanted to be a scientist, and I am good at being a scientist!

Dib: But what about me? You think maybe I should give up my lifelong dream of being a paranormal investigator?

Membrane (Laughs): Of COURSE I do, son! Of cooourse I do! I knew you wouldn't be able to resist the allure of REAL SCIENCE!

Membrane quickly taps the kitten one more time. The kitten sprouts cybernetic attachments, fires lasers from its eyes, and flies out of the room.

Membrane (CONT'D): AHA!! SUCCESS! And they said it couldn't be done!!

Membrane runs into the kitchen after his creation. Lasers and meowing emanate from the other room. Dib holds the spoon up.

Dib (To himself): Hmm. Real science.

INT. SKOOL CAFETERIA - THE NEXT DAY

Zim is in the middle of attaching a metallic cage-like contraption onto Gretchen as Dib approaches. Zim cleverly puts his back to Gretchen's in an attempt to hide his work.

Zim: You are covered in lies, human Dib!

Dib: I didn't say anything

Zim: Clever!

Dib: You don't have to worry about me anymore, Zim. No more werewolves or nosferatus or stupid, idiotic, moronic green aliens who are stupid and bent on taking over the world for me! I'm going to be like my dad and study... REAL SCIENCE!!

Zim eyes Dib suspiciously, then satisfied, raises his arms victoriously. He rattles Gretchen's cage furiously, jostling her around. He roars and laughs like a lunatic. Dib just looks irritated.

Zim: VICTORY! SWEET VICTORY FOR ZIM! The human has been defeated by...

Zim notices the crowd of onlookers he has attracted.

Zim (To crowd) (CONT'D): Eh, ah... By the OTHER human that is me! Human ZIM! Yes.. yesss, cuz I'm human, see?

Zim pours out a milk carton, eats it, and then gags it up while making faces.

Zim: I'm ZIM, human.

The crowd looks away, satisfied. Zim turns to resume his Dib taunting.

Zim (CONT'D): And I shall always beat you, Dib, al—

Dib has been walking away.

Zim (Dissapointed) (CONT'D): Hey, where's the stink boy going?

INT. MEMBRANE'S HOME LAB - THAT NIGHT

Membrane and Dib (wearing a white trenchcoat now) are busy at work. Membrane looks at a file.

Membrane: Son, your calculations are flawless! Excellent work! I can't tell you how happy it makes me to have you working right alongside your amazing father!

Dib (Excited): Thanks dad. Hey, I've been working on a new theory involving replacing human blood with tiny coffee beans.

As they talk, Zim, disguised as a lab technician, listens in.

Membrane: That's fascinating, son! I once conducted a similar study but there were laws against those particular methods.

Dib: Dad, I just want you to know that I really like working with you and I'm sorry I wasted all that time chasing vampires and stupid aliens.

Membrane: Now, now son, that's all behind you. Tell me about this blood theory of yours.

Dib excitedly shows his dad his work.

Angle on Zim, looking confused and perhaps a bit scared.

EXT. ZIM'S HOUSE - LATER

Zim runs out of his house holding a computer print out above his head.

Zim: I've done it! ZIM has done it! Using my new plan, Earth will bow at the superior feet of ZIM! WHO DARES STOP ME!? Heh?

Zim looks around. The street has never been quieter. Deflated, he heads back inside.

INT. ZIM'S LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS

Zim enters, listless. GIR sits on the couch watching TV.

Zim: Any calls?

GIR: I call you a monkey. YOU A MONKEY!

Zim shoots GIR a nasty look, but hears a sound from outside. He perks up as he hears a meowing out the window.

Zim: That cat sounded like the Dib!

Zim sees it's just a cat.

Zim (CONT'D): Oh, it was just a cat. Ah well, it's all for the best. Without the boy nuisance around, I can conquer the world in peace! I admit it was fun to repeatedly humiliate Dib but... Off to conquer!

Zim heads to his lab, but something on the TV catches his eye. After a moment of watching, he sort of half-sits on the arm of the couch. A hamburger slaps Zim on the top of his head. Zim looks up and sees a huge hole in the ceiling, stuffed with hamburgers. GIR notices Zim's gaze and looks up.

GIR: Oh yeah! Hee hee. I made that! Don't tell no one where I hid them.

Zim looks angry for a millisecond, then shrugs and goes back to watching TV.

GIR (Cheerily) (CONT'D): You gonna yell at me now!?

Zim: Nah.... maybe later.

GIR looks stunned. He slowly backs out of the room.

INT. DIB'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS

Dib sits at his desk, looking through a microscope and taking notes. Gaz, TV guide in hand, enters, very suspicious.

Gaz: HEY! Why aren't you downstairs irritating me and trying to watch Mysterious Mysteries on the big TV.

Dib: I only watched that show when I was a kid, Gaz. Those days are behind me.

Gaz eyes Dib like he's lost his mind. She holds up the TV guide, the cover of which shows a fanged doughnut.

Gaz: I'm not falling for this. And there's no way you can resist the Vampire Doughnut Special that they're showing tonight.

Dib looks interested, and reaches out for the TV guide. Membrane walks by and peeks his head in.

Membrane: Just wanted to congratulate you, son, on another day of excellent work in the field of legitimate science!

Dib, with much internal struggling, looks back and forth between the doughnut picture Gaz holds up, and his dad still looking in from the door. Finally, he settles on his dad.

Dib (Cheerful): Thanks dad. REAL SCIENCE.

Membrane: You MY SON!!

Membrane gives Dib the thumbs up and walks off. Dib grabs the TV guide, throws it in the trash and continues working.

Gaz (Losing it): Something isn't right HERE!

INT. ZIM'S LIVING ROOM - ANOTHER DAY

Zim sits on the couch, watching TV. He is surrounded by magazine with Dib and Membrane on the covers. GIR strolls in wearing a fedora.

GIR (Ridiculous manly voice): And how was skool, son?!

Zim (Muttering): Didn't go to skool today. Don't have to nomore. What's the point when... NO! LOOKIT ME! So Dib's not trying to destroy me anymore. Big Deal! I won't grow lazy and pathetic just because I have no mortal enemy anymore! I. AM. ZIM, and ZIM SHALL RULE!

TITLE: Two minutes later.

Zim, taking up the whole couch, is now covered with filth and, for some reason, wears a white tank-top (like one you'd see on Cops) and boxers. GIR looks shocked. The front door is wide-open. In the background, kids play with a ball, giggling.

Zim (CONT'D): Yep, watching TV is just as good a form of research as any.

Zim stares into an empty bowl as he shakes it. He looks like he might almost cry.

Zim (CONT'D): I'm all outta snacks! WHY? WHY does everything want to hurt ZIM!? I DUNNO!

GIR stares longingly at the couch.

GIR (Quiet and Sad): I miss you, Couch. I miss you so much.

INT. MEMBRANE LABS - DAY

Dib pours liquid into a beaker.

Dib: Three parts nitro— hey, where's Zim been lately? He hasn't been at skool in weeks. Oh well, it doesn't matter anymore. Everything's changed. Except me talking to myself, of course. That's the same.

GIR bursts in, hysterical.

GIR: Listen to me, he needs you Mary! You two such good friends! Like hot dogs! Please hunt my master again! COUCH!!

GIR goes into a wild crying jag and throws himself on the floor.

Dib: Sorry, Zim's evil robot dog thingy. I'm not going after Zim anymore. I have a different life now. I'm happy, and no one laughs at me for being weird.

GIR picks himself up and then immediately falls back to the floor bawling. He then laughs all crazy-like and flies through the ceiling. Dib looks irritated.

Membrane enters the room.

Membrane: Everything going well in here, I trust.

Dib (Distracted): YEP! Here's my latest calculations.

Dib hands his father some calculations.

Membrane: Mm hmm.. very good, nice, ah splendid, and BOOM! How can this be?

Dib (Snapping out of it): What?

Membrane: This formula is incorrect. Here, on line four thousand sixty two! You used a sine when you should have used a cosine!

Dib: Oh.

Membrane: This is obviously a cry for help! (getting down on one knee) What is it son? You can tell me.

Dib: I'm fine, I jus—

Membrane: C'mon now, son! I can tell you're not happy! If something's troubling you, just do whatever it takes to fix the problem. It's the scientific way!

Dib (Geting revved up): YOU'RE RIGHT DAD! I FEEL EMPTY INSIDE! This REAL SCIENCE bores me to death!! Maybe I'm not really doing what I was meant to do. Because what I was meant to do was catch me that alien!

Dib heroically dashes out. Membrane bangs his head on the table.

EXT. ZIM'S HOUSE - LATER

Dib races up to Zim's door and knocks on it.

Zim (O.S.): It's open!

Dib throws the door open and sees Zim, in a robe and slippers, lying on the couch. His eyes are closed and he's covered in Cheetos and rats. GIR sits on the floor, looking at photos of himself on the couch.

Zim (CONT'D): Shut the door, GIR. You're letting out my new sick couch smell.

Dib: I'm back, ZIM, and I've renewed my pledge to expose you as the alien menace you are! GET UP AND FACE ME!!

GIR: YAAYYY! COUCH!!!

Zim pushes a watermelon rind off of himself and sits up. He squints at Dib, like an old man, and, now pudgier than before, waddles over to him.

Zim (In a gaze): (gasps) Dib, is that you? Is it really you? You're back to your old self?

Dib: I SURE AM YOU UGLY SPACE MONSTER!

Zim: You have no idea how happy that makes me, you revolting little worm!

Zim rips off both his tank top and boxers, also losing the pudginess.

Dib: YEAAAAAHHHH!

Zim whips out a strange Irken device and traps Dib in a levitating bubble. The bubble follows Zim towards a rising elevator.

Zim (Cheerful): I'm GONNA DESTROY YOU NOW!

Zim chases Dib around the room.

Dib (Happy as can be): YEAHHH!! YOU JUST TRY!

Zim (Happy): I'm going to liquefy your organs!

Dib (Chippier): HAH!! I'd like to see THAT!

Zim: You're as smelly as I remember.

Dib: You're green and ugly.

Zim: You're a human stink-beast.

Dib: You're from outer space!

Zim: What do you call that, a face? You're a human pig smelly!

Dib: And you're dummy dumbs!

Zim: Stink-beast! You're as stupid as ever!

Dib: You're stupider than I am!

Zim: You smelly.

Dib: You're stinkies.

Zim: You're pig dookies.

Dib: You're dooky pies!

Zim: Am not!

Dib: Are too!

Zim: Dookie!

Dib: Dookie-do!

Zim: Dookie back atchoo!

Dib: Double dooks!

Zim: Smelly human stink-beast!

Zim and Dib vanish down the elevator, as Zim laughs maniacally. GIR wipes a tear of joy from his eyes.

Zim and Dib continue arguing (O.S.) as GIR rolls around in the filth, laughing.

INT. MEMBRANE'S LAB

Membrane is banging his head on the table. Gaz walks by and watches.

Membrane: Where did I go wrong!!?

Gaz (To herself, Relieved ): All is right with the world again... Stupid world.

Membrane just keeps banging away. The little cyborg kitten pats him on the shoulder, trying to comfort him.


INT. A SHOPPING MALL WE'VE USED BEFORE - DAY

We open at the Mall. Teenage girls rummage through piles of clothes and giggle hysterically. A sale sign goes up and they scream. Mothers drag kids by their heels. As the people pass by, they glance uncomfortably at something off-screen, then hurry along. The children point, faces uncomprehending.

Pan over to find Zim and GIR in a dark corner, near a waste receptacle, dressed as clowns. Zim just stares out evily at the passing people. GIR simply stares, holding balloons.

Zim (To GIR): Look at them, GIR. They think we are clowns. But we are not clowns.

GIR gasps in shock. The un-clowny truth is news to him.

Zim: The longer we stand here, the more they will trust us. Then in their docile clown-trusting state, I will destroy them.

Zim laughs quietly, until a family stops to stare at him. Zim begins stomping and waving his arms mechanically.

Zim (In creepy sing-song voice) (CONT'D): Clown, clown, clown, clown...(extended dialogue)

As the family watches the bizarre clown show, GIR see a Hot Cheese Log vendor and hobbles off-screen.

GIR: I gonna play with the cheese.

Zim goes about his clown dance, oblivious to GIR's absence until there is a commotion nearby. Something breaks.

Security Guard (O.S.): There's a clown in the cheese!

Pan over to find GIR flopping out of the cheese cart, slathered in ropes of melted cheese. He giggles and shambles around like something which escaped from cheesy hell. People flee.

Zim: NO GIR! NO! NOT AGAIN!

GIR falls down, the drying cheese making it more difficult to move. He giggles. The damaged cheese cart tips over, releasing a flood of liquid cheese horror.

Zim (CONT'D): NOOOOOO!!

EXT. SHOPPING MALL - DAY.

The furious cheese-covered security guard throws Zim and GIR out of the mall. They slam into a garbage can. GIR eats the cheese off Zim's head.

Zim: UGH! I can't take you anywhere without you ruining my plans, GIR. This couldn't be any more humiliating.

The garbage can reveals itself to be a disguised Dib.

Dib: Hey-ya! I was watching you the whole pathetic time, Zim. If Irkens are so advanced, why is your robot such a loser?

Zim: HEY! At least he's better than YOUR stupid sidekick!

Zim points at something near Dib. Dib looks down.

Dib (Confused): That's a soda can.

Zim (Vindicated): Who's pathetic now!?

Zim runs off, dragging GIR with him.

INT. ZIM'S HOUSE - DAY.

Zim kicks open the door, tired, cheese-covered, clown-suited. The Robo-Parents burst from the closet.

Robo-Mom & Robo-Dad: Welcome home, son!

They slam into the walls on either side of Zim.

Computer: WARNING: Unauthorized clown detected!

The furniture flips over and cables snake out from all directions. They grab Zim, binding him above the floor.

Zim: GIR! Help meee! GIR! GIRRRR?

Zim strains to lift his head, and sees GIR at the sidewalk with his little pig friend, handing some bills to an ice cream man. GIR gets two SUCKMUNKEYs, holds one out for the pig to suck on, and walks out of sight. Zim looks at the RoboParents doing circles and sparking. Zim sighs.

Zim (CONT'D): I think the time has come for me to get a new assistant.

Computer: Be quiet, clown.

INT. DOOR OUTSIDE ZIM'S LAB - DAY.

GIR, in his doggy suit, paces back and forth, jumping up, trying to get a look through the energy window on the door into Zim lab. GIR pokes at the window, and receives a shock.

GIR: Whatchadoin?? WHATCHADOINN??????

INT. ZIM'S LAB.

Zim: Stay outside, GIR! I'm working.

Zim hovers over a big workbench surrounded by holo-schematics. Huge and evil machinery things point down at it. Incredibly, GIR's head penetrates the energy window, obliterating the doggy suit's head. GIR's metal head struggles violently against the energy waves.

GIR: WHATCHADOIN?? HUH? WHACHOODOIN!?

Zim: It's a secret, GIR!

Zim shoves GIR's head back through the window, and covers it with a metal seal. He returns to his workbench.

Zim (CONT'D): Computer! I need a helper worthy of ZIM.

Computer: I shall fabricate an Obey-o-nator-2000X, The most unquestioningly obedient computer brain in the galaxy.

Zim: I need more unquestioningly!

Computer: More unquestioningly?

Zim: Do not question me!!

Computer (Irritated): Okaaayyy. I'll see what I can do.

The words FABRICATING flashes on the main holo-screen. Zim watches the progress anxiously.

TRACKING THROUGH THE BOWELS OF ZIM'S HOUSE.

...as conduits channel all sorts of energy and matter from the depths of his generators and storage tanks. A massive amount of equipment comes together at a REPLICATOR PAD in front of Zim. The energy is huge and loud... and produces a MONSTROUS COMPUTER BRAIN hovering above the pad.

Zim (Like Dr. Frakenstein): NOW! State of the art propulsion system! Advanced arm-thingies! MORE! MORE! This is to be the ultimate in sidekick technology.

He goes mad pressing buttons. Images appear on screen.

Outside the door, GIR sucks on a suckmunkey while listening.

Inside, a massive amount of equipment has now collected on the replicator pad, all hovering-like. Zim surveys it.

Zim (CONT'D): Good... very good. Now just one last thing.

Zim opens a communications channel to Vort. A Vortian Engineer appears on a screen.

Vortian Engineer (Bored): Hey Zim. Whatchawantthistime?

Zim: Well, I'm making a new sidekick, see, and I was hoping to build some really scary, insanely powerful weapons into it.

Vortian Engineer: You mean like a top secret experimental VORTIAN DOOMSDAY device?

Zim: Yeah, that sounds pretty scary.

Vortian Engineer: Okeedoke.

Among the collection of stuff appears a MONSTROUS VORTION POD. Lights on it pulsate ominously.

Zim: It's purple!

Vortian Engineer: Thought you'd like it. Y'know, I'm still in prison, and I was wondering if—

Zim cuts the signal.

Zim: Computer, assemble these elements into the most powerful assistant ever devised!

Zim watches as the pieces swirl around forming into something. We only see Zim's amazed face, lit by the incredible light show. Zim smiles through it all.

INT. ZIM'S LIVING ROOM

Zim stands in the kitchen entry before an assembly of his sidekicks (GIR and the Robo-Parents). Zim looks around, irritated.

Zim: I said I wanted ALL my henchmen present for the unveiling! GIR, search the house for the computer.

The computer voice speaks from the walls.

Computer: But, I am the house.

Zim (To everyone): Well, okay then. We're all here. Now... cringe in fear at the newest, most amazing addition to ZIM's army of evil, MY INCREDIBLE NEW SIDEKICK! MINIMOOSE!

Mimimoose floats in from the kitchen, purple, smaller than GIR, and even less threatening.

GIR: He got nubs! Let's go swimmin', Moose!

GIR grabs the moose and runs towards a small wading pool. Zim snatches Minimoose from GIR's hands.

Zim: NO GIR! Those are nubs of DOOM!

GIR: Oh.

Minimoose squeaks happily.

EXT. ZIM'S FRONT YARD - DAY.

Zim holds a big box in his front yard. GIR is at his side.

Zim: Your job from now on, GIR, is to never touch Minimoose. There's experimental doomsday technology built into it. Very dangerous stuff. Understand?

GIR (As a matter of fact): Nuh uh.

Zim: Good. Now begin the tests of MINIMOOSE!

Zim opens the box. Minimoose just hovers there and squeaks.

Zim (Making tests up as he goes) (CONT'D): MINIMOOSE! Uh... go find some Earth meat.

Minimoose peeps, then slowly floats off screen. Zim turns around and looks at a timer.

Zim (CONT'D): A little slow, but we'll see how— oh kabloom!

Zim turns back around and sees a mountain of cows piled on his front lawn. They MOO in confusion. Minimoose floats atop the pile and squeaks adorably. Zim smiles. GIR licks a cow. Zim looks down his street at the sound of an approaching mob of humans. They carry picket signs.

Zim (CONT'D): NO! An angry mob from "People Against Piling Cows" is heading this way. MINIMOOSE, protect the base!

Minimoose flies off to the mob, who stop, apparently listening to what the moose is saying. Zim can't hear the discussion. The people lower their picket signs.

Picket Sign Holder: Well, the little moose is right everyone. Let's go play tennis.

The mob turn and walk away . Minimoose floats back to Zim.

Zim (Pleased): Excellent! (Suddenly worried) Oh no! The fleeing mob has accidentally broken open the reservoir causing a giant tidal wave. MINIMOOSE!!!

Minimoose floats off. We hear the sound of a tidal wave. Then nothing. Water drips onto the ground at Zim's feet.

Zim (CONT'D): Great work, MINIMOOSE!

Minimoose squeaks.

Zim (CONT'D): HAH HAH! You said it.

INT. ZIM'S LIVING ROOM - DAY.

The Robo-Parents beat themselves against a wall. Zim adjusts his wig on his head. Minimoose floats next to him.

Zim: Listen up! Minimoose and I are off on our first mission together! Should we succeed, then I shall truly declare my new sidekick a success.

GIR: Pick me up a SUCKMUNKEY.

Zim: No GIR. The mission doesn't involve getting you snacks. Um... listen, this is sorta my first mission without you...

He looks around. GIR looks at him, wall-eyed.

Zim (CONT'D): I know how much it must upset you, but you have to understand... you're horrible.

GIR stares at Zim for a moment. Zim looks back, expecting GIR to break down crying. It's very emotional.

GIR: You get my suckmunkey yet?

Zim throws his arms up in disgust and leaves.

EXT. CONVENIENCE STORE PARKING LOT - NIGHT.

Zim waits out in front of the store with Minimoose disguised as a tiny, chubby airplane.

Zim: A convenience store, Minimoose. The first part of your final test. Dib'll be along soon enough, so we should hurry. I must make sure you have none of GIR's weaknesses.

A man walks out with a suckmunkey. Zim smacks him in the face. He runs away, leaving his suckmunkey.

Zim (CONT'D): Minimoose, do you want a SUCKMUNKEY? Like my other, more HORRIBLE sidekick? Huh, huh, huh, huh?

Zim waves the drink temptingly in Minimoose's face, but the moose only squeaks and shows no interest in the drink.

Zim (CONT'D): EXCELLENT, MINIMOOSE! Truly you are the sidekick I always wanted! If I were capable of love, I might actually love you, maybe!

Zim smiles, until he notices the SUCKMUNKEY in his hands is now huge, and apparently a disguise worn by Dib.

Dib: HA! I was the SUCKMUNKEY all along, ZIM! I got you now!

Zim: Got me how?

Dib: You know. Got you.

Zim: Yes! Er... But it is I who have got YOU! I knew you'd follow me! And now you get the honor of being the first victim of my flawless new superhenchman, MINIMOOSE! No longer will your laughs taunt me! MINIMOOSE! Activate your Doomsday Device and destroy the Dib!!

With a huge flourish, Zim flips back and covers his ears, wincing in expectation of something huge and amazing. A dull wind blows Minimoose's costume off, but that's it. The moose simply floats there and gently bumps into Dib's face. It's cute. Zim runs up and snatches the moose away.

Zim (CONT'D): MINIMOOSE! Unleash the... uh... Where's the trigger for the... uh... It's somewhere in here. How do you... AGH!!

Zim turns Minimoose over in his hands, trying to find a switch for the doomsday device.

Dib (Unimpressed): This is sad. I'd send pictures of this to Mysterious Mysteries, but you trying to open a moose would get me laughed at.

Dib walks off.

Zim: NOOOO! MINIMOOSE! NOOOOO! WHY HAST THOU FAILED MEEEE!? NOOOOOOO!!!!

Zim collapses to the ground, a miserable mess while dramatic music swells. Minimoose squeaks, and bobbles.

INT. ZIM'S LIVING ROOM.

Zim opens the door, dejected. The Roboparents rush out.

Robo Mom & Robo Dad: Welcome home, son!

Zim's Roboparents move so fast to the door, they fly out into the street and slide on their faces to a sick stop. Zim throws the still smiling Minimoose onto the floor.

Zim: He's yours, GIR. His doomsday device doesn't work. MINIMOOSE is a failure.

GIR: YAY! I get to play with the moose! (Singing) Playin' with the moose!

GIR starts to roll around on the Moose. There is a beep. Suddenly, a BIG THUNDEROUS VOICE comes from the Moose.

Moose Voice: DOOMSDAY DEVICE ACTIVATED!

Zim: EH!?

Minimoose unfolds into a horrifying array of weaponry. Zim and GIR stare at it, frozen. The MOOSE-THING glows bright.

Zim (CONT'D): Um...

EXT. ZIM'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

The windows flash from within. There is a terrible rumbling. The house almost lifts off the ground with the force of a horrible release of power. The house settles, damaged.

INT. ZIM'S LIVING ROOM

The house is a charcoal ruin. The Moose returns to its normal, tiny shape. Zim and GIR still stand, barely. Zim suddenly raises his arms.

Zim: Success!

Both Zim and GIR collapse onto the rubble.

INT. ZIM'S LIVING ROOM - LATER

Zim sits on the couch with a strange sense of contentment. He licks on an IRKEN licking stick. The Roboparents slam around the room, destroying things. Minimoose floats into the room with a screaming GIR riding his back.

Zim: Ah well. Computer, bring me some ear plugs.

Computer: I don't want to.

Zim shows no sign of anger. He just sighs.

Zim (Contented): Mmmyep.

We DOLLY over a massive IRKEN crowd making their way to the SPIKE OF JUDGEMENT, an imposing structure on the surface of the planet.

INT. SPIKE OF JUDGMENTIA - THE SPIKE OF JUDGEMENT.

Someone ascends on a platform in the center of a cruel-looking room. Three IRKEN CONTROL BRAINS hover before the bound and blindfolded figure. Huge Monitors announce "ZIM" in monstrous letters. Shadowy spectators watch from balconies lining the spike's interior. Very impressive.

The Brains: IRKEN ZIM. Your time has come. Prepare yourself for all you deserve.

Zim's restraints detach. His blinders remove themselves. He looks around, noticing the crowd behind him and the images of his face and name that are displayed on huge floating monitors.

Zim: Heyyy, a surprise party? Is that what this is all about? I was wondering why I was beaten up and transported from Earth to this place! A PARTY FOR ZIM!!!

The Brains: SILENCE! All will be made clear, ZIM!

Their eyes glow strangely, their voices ECHO ominously throughout the chamber.

Zim (Irritated): Geeez, this is a party, lighten up. Hey, can I make a quick call?

INT. ZIM'S HOUSE - DAY

GIR sits watching some sort of monkey beast on TV. The image suddenly shifts over to Zim at a callbooth on Judgmentia.

GIR: MONKEY?! DON'T LEAVE ME, MONKEY!!

Zim (On monitor): Forget the stinking monkey, GIR. The Tallest invited me to this "party," and it's dead like death.

GIR: That's soo saaaad.

Zim (On monitor): Until I get back, YOU'RE in charge of the deadly orbital laser. It's simple: Just push the button.

A small pedestal raises up next to GIR. On top is a button.

GIR (Pointing at button): Push the monkey?

Zim (On monitor): Yes, GIR... the button is a monkey.

GIR pushes the button. A window opens up on the screen and we see the DEADLY ORBITAL LASER ARRAY displayed within. It sends a glowing stream of doom at the earth.

GIR: WOO!!

Zim (On monitor): See? Easy. You just keep doing that until I get back. Good work, GIR.

GIR salutes, and gives a huge thumbs up while insanely pressing the button. Zim cuts the transmission.

INT. PLANET JUDGEMENTIA - THE SPIKE OF JUDGEMENT

Zim rises from below and turns to the BRAINS.

Zim: C'mon, hurry up and praise me! Every second I spend off Earth is time lost! ZIM TIME! Cuz...I AM ZIM!! Ya know?

Left Brain: It makes noises.

Right Brain: Bothersome noises

The Brains: We say nothing until the TALLEST arrive.

There's a SCREAMING BOOM of the Massive as it flies in and pulls up above the Spike of Judgement.

The Brains (Cont'd): The Tallest have arrived.

The Tallest teleport down, much to the joy of the crowd. Red and Purple make their way towards a central podium.

Red (To crowd): Thank you, thank you.

Purple (To crowd, louder than necessary): Now, BE QUIET!!

The crowd is instantly quiet.

Zim: MY TALLEST! This really IS a surprise party! You honor me deep in the most wobbly, gelatinous parts of my squeedlyspooch!

The Tallest shoot Zim the nastiest looks. Zim is oblivious.

Purple (To brains): That's great Zim. Start already!

Brains: As you command. SO IT BEGINS.

The crowd ROARS. Cameras converge on Zim. The Brains' eyes glow red and the lighting changes, focusing on Zim. It looks cooool. Zim waves to the cameras.

The Brains (Ominously): IRKEN ZIM; Prepare for REPLAY. All your memories will be made known. Your life for all to see and know.

Zim: Ooooh.. My incredible ZIM-life? NEAT!

The Brains' eyes glow strangely. The Tallest share a creepy evil look. Cables snake out from a creepy monitor array above Zim and lock onto his I.D. PAK. It lifts him up and the monitors light up, showing images from Zim's past. The images flash faster and faster.

The Brains: NOW, SEE YOUR PAST ZIM... YOUR PAST...

Zim (Excited): MY FUTURE?!

The Brains: NO! Your PAST! Pay attention!

Blackness.

Voices are heard. (The following is the dialogue from the Zim birth sequence in "Parent / Teacher Night")

Electronic Voice (O.S.): Welcome to life IRKEN CHILD. Report for duty.

Zim (O.S.): I love you cold, unfeeling robot arm.

INT. DEEP WITHIN IRK, DOWNLOAD CHAMBER - MINUTES LATER

A chute moves into position above a DOWNLOAD CHAIR. Tiny, cute Zim flops out of the chute and into the chair. He looks about him, wide-eyed and curious.

Electronic Voice (O.S.): You are two minutes old, little smeet. Prepare to be filled with the whole of IRKEN KNOWLEDGE!!

Zim (Cute as a smeet): Okeedokee!

The machine attaches to Zim and he briefly shuts down as information courses into him. He spasms and jerks with the incoming knowledge. It stops. He wakes.

Electornic Voice (O.S.): UPLOAD COMPLETE! You have been given a name. IDENTIFY YOURSELF.

Zim (Blinks for a beat): I AM ZIM!! That was ALL the knowledge? BORING!! And so many mistakes! 40 shmillion mistakes to be exact, starting with—

Robotic fingers come out and shove him from the chair. As soon as the chair is vacant, another smeet drops into it.

Zim (Cont'd): I wasn't done yet! HEY WHO ARE YOU?!

Smeet (Confused): Ummm...

Zim: This is MY room. Get your own place!

Zim shoves the little Irken back into the delivery chute. The chute clogs with more smeets until the entire activation chamber malfunctions, sparking and smoking. We pull up through many layers of cybernetic earth, to the -

EXT. IRKEN SURFACE, WAY UP THERE - CONTINUOUS

The city, mighty and lit up, is enveloped in monstrous ARCS OF ENERGY and is then dark and silent, except for sirens. The REPLAY stops.

INT. PLANET JUDGEMENTIA - THE SPIKE OF JUDGEMENT

All the eyes in the hall are focussed accusingly on Zim.

The Brains (O.S.): That day came to be known as HORRIBLE PAINFUL OVERLOAD DAY. Irk was plunged into darkness for five years.

Zim (Boasting to crowd): IMPRESSIVE. Most would be happy with two years, but me... FIVE!! Beat that, YOU!

Zim points to an Irken Janitorial Drone, who mops nearby, and looks up confused at Zim's challenge.

INT - SMALL DARK PLACE.

The heads of TWO FIGURES watch the trial on a screen from someplace dark and nearby. We see only their silhouettes. They speak in hoarse whispers.

Figure #1: It's going well. He knows nothing.

Figure #2: The fooooool!

Figure #1: Shhhh! There's more!

Zim: So... More Zim. Come on! MORE ZIM!

INT. DEEP WITHIN IRK, MILITARY TRAINING AREA

Zim is a little older now. He sits amongst hundreds of rows of young Irkens, wearing holo-visors and downloading new data. They all perform military simulations. Zim removes his visor and looks around, irritated.

Zim: Boring! Ten years and we're still in this education plug! When do we get to see the planet's surface?!!

He turns to the young Irkens next to him, who happen to be cute, younger versions of Red and Purple.

Zim (Cont'd): When I'M TALLEST, things will be different.

Purple: You? TALLEST?! THAT'S CRAZY!

Zim: The people of Irk must know my POWER! SKOODGE! (points to a young Skoodge) You look impressionable.

Skoodge: I sure am!

Zim: Escape with me to the surface!

Skoodge (Terrified, but okay): Sounds terrifying, but OKAY!

The two run off, happy as can be. Idiots.

INT. DEEP WITHIN IRK, HATCH OF SOME SORT

Zim and Skoodge dump out of a porthole into a mechanical clearing between levels. They've been running.

Zim: We're almost there SKOODGE! Can't you feel it, you fool!??

Skoodge (Really feeling it): I DO! I DO!! I AM FEELING IT TOO-DAY!!

A SECURITY DROID leaps into the room and stares at the two.

Zim: Quick, SKOODGE. Name that machine.

Skoodge (As though being quizzed): DERMIS PROWLER SECURITY DROID.

Zim (Keeping very still): Good. And how do they function??

Skoodge: Detects motion. Homes in. Hurts A LOT.

Zim: GOOD WORK SKOODGE!

Zim throws Skoodge down a corridor and the robot is instantly after him. Skoodge dodges the robot, causing the robot to slam into various pieces of machinery. Each lunge causes more and more damage. An alarm goes off. Zim quickly ascends a ladder. At one point, Skoodge is hurled up near him.

Skoodge: CATCH ME! IT WANTS MY BRAIN!

Skoodge drops back off screen as Zim gives Skoodge the thumbs up, not really even looking down at him. The explosive damage resumes below Zim as the robot pursues Skoodge.

Zim: Excellent work, Skoodge!

Zim pokes his head out of the surface side of the porthole.

EXT. IRKEN PORTHOLE - DAY

We don't see what he sees, but it's bright and noisy.

Zim (In awe): FREEDOM! Hmm... A PITIFUL WORLD, WAITING FOR ME TO MAKE IT GREAT!

Zim smiles up at the light until a loud BOOM from below distracts him. Skoodge blasts screaming out of the hole, chased by the robot. Zim shakes his head, smiling at Skoodge. There is another series of BOOMS and then the world is plunged into darkness. The replay ends.

INT. PLANET JUDGEMENTIA - THE SPIKE OF JUDGEMENT

The room is silent. Zim smiles and claps.

The Brains: That day became known as HORRIBLE PAINFUL OVERLOAD DAY part II. Four more terrible years of darkness for Irk.

Zim (Full of pride): People LOVE darkness. But enough of the past. Let us speak of the present. Do I get a little ZIM statue? Some kind of award.

INT. SMALL DARK PLACE.

The figures hunch over the screen.

Figure #1 (Overly dramatic): Every word seals his own doom.

Figure #2 (Ominous): Soon, we will be rid of Zim forever... Hey!

Light shines in as the roof is lifted up, revealing the two figures are actually the Tallest crouching under a blanket holding flashlights under their faces. A janitorial drone pushing a laundry cart holds the blanket.

Janitorial Drone: Oh! My Tallest! I didn't see you there.

The Tallest collect themselves. They cough, embarrassed. WE ARE ACTUALLY STILL IN...

INT. PLANET JUDGEMENTIA - THE SPIKE OF JUDGEMENT

Red: Ehhh... uh... We were just...

Purple: We just got lost.

Red smacks Purple. Zim interrupts them.

Zim: HEY! Pay attention! You're missing my party!

Purple: IT'S NOT A PARTY, ZIM! It's an IRKEN EXISTENCE EVALUATION!! AND YOU'RE—

He slaps his hand over his mouth.

Zim (Concerned): EXISTENCE EVALUATION? But.. Those are for criminals... and space clowns.

For no apparent reason, a cute little Irken smeet appears and tugs at Purple's robe. It's adorable.

Ltitle Timmy (All cute): Mista' Purple? Tell me all about IRKEN EXISTENCE EVALUATION.

Purple (In a kind and wise voice) Well, you see, little Timmy, it's a trial for malfunctioning IRKENS. You know what a trial is, doncha', Timmy?

Purple pokes Timmy in the belly and Timmy giggles adorably. It's so adorable it makes you sick to watch. It's that cute.

Purple (Cont'd): Of course you do. Say, you see this I.D. PAK on your back?

Little Timmy (Giggling): Nope! My head don't turn that far!

The crowd "awwws". It's so cute.

Red (Smiling): Hah hahh. Well, we all wear them. They hold the collective memories of all the Irkens before us. Our personalities, our power, our high scores, all in Hre.

Purple: But some Irkens, they get fitted with damaged I.D. PAKs These people are called "Defectives" and must be deactivated, erased, never to be remembered.

Zim (Aghast): A world that does not remember ZIM??

Little Timmy (Elated): Thank you mista' PURPLE! I SMART NOW!

Purple: The child knows too much! TO THE DUNGEONS WITH IT!!

Guards rush in and drag the screaming Timmy away.

Zim: Um... I think there's been a mistake. This is GOOD stuff you're all watching. Why am I on trial?

Left Brain: Good stuff?

Right Brain: It thinks there is good stuff.

The Brains: IT IS DOOMED.

Zim looks around at the hateful eyes upon him. The Tallest LAUGH insanely, and the crowd soon follows suit. The Brians lift Zim up, and even THEY are laughing now. Things don't look good, and Zim knows it. The flashes of quick images starts up again and goes to black.

ACT BREAK

INT. PLANET JUDGEMENTIA - THE SPIKE OF JUDGEMENT.

Zim is playing some video games. A guard prods him with a shock-stick. ZAP!

Brains: Hey! Pay attention ZIM! You're on trial!

Zim: Wha? Oh yes. That.

The screen jumps to life with a new scene.

EXT. PLANET VORT - DAY

Guards man watchposts as military ships cruise by.

INT. VORTIAN SCIENCE LAB - PLANET VORT

Zim, in a scientist's robe, stands among a line of scientists. The Head Scientist talks to Almighty Tallest Miyuki.

Head Scientist: TALLEST MIYUKI, welcome to VORT RESEARCH STATION 9. You honor us with your visit!

Almighty Tallest Miyuki: Tell me what my finest minds are dreaming up for the Empire.

Head Scientist: Well, there's our infinite energy producing thingy. And Lard Nar here has begun work on preliminary designs for your new BLUDGEON CLASS fleet leader.

Next to the throbbing energy generator Lard Nar, a VORTIAN, salutes Miyuki and proudly presents a holographic model of the Massive ship-to-be.

Zim (Butting in): DOOKIE!! That thing'll never fly!

Zim points at the hologram then at Miyuki.

Almighty Tallest Miyuki: Operator, who is this little creature?

Head Scientist (Ashamed): Eh...Zim, MY TALLEST. A transfer from Irk. He destroys everything he touches, so they figured he'd excel at military research.

Zim: Enough praise. LOOK! I made an infinite energy ABSORBING thingy! HE'S CHUBBY!!

Head Scientist: No! Keep it away from the infinite energy producing thingy!

The creature swallows the infinite energy generating device. It grows out of control -- bursting out of its little COLLAR-- and then eats Tallest Miyuki. It then rampages out of the building and leaves a trail of explosions. Zim raises his arms, victorious somehow.

INT. PLANET JUDGEMENTIA - THE SPIKE OF JUDGEMENT

Zim is dropped to the floor. The Tallest are furious.

Red: ALMIGHTY MIYUKI was eaten by a giant blob because of you?

Zim (Uncomfortable): No, she called me just last week. Yeah... she's doin' fine. Really.

The Tallest eye Zim, angry and suspicious.

The Brains: This is a horrible discovery, not to be taken lightly. NOW, let's break for lunch!

INT. PLANET JUDGEMENTIA - COURT CAFETERIA

Zim sits shackled in front of a tray of food. Guards stand behind him. He sees the Tallest eating at a different table with a crowd of other Irkens. It looks like the "popular people's" table at a school lunch.

Zim (To himself): This is taking forever! I NEVER should've left GIR in charge. I don't even wanna THINK about how badly he's failing on Earth.

EXT. EARTH, GIR'S GIGANTIC FORTRESS - NIGHT

Back on Earth, mankind has reconstructed the planet. Everything is in GIR's image. Inside a gigantic fortress of GIR, an open-air throning ceremony taking place atop a huge staircase. GIR sits in a throne, surrounded by gargantuan statues of himself. Humans, wearing GIR suits serve him.

Human #1: You have conquered our people with your mighty laser cannon, and we thank you. ALL HAIL OUR NEW MASTER, this... strange LUMPY LITTLE DOGGY!!

The human places a shiny medallion around GIR's neck. GIR looks pretty okay with it. He SQUEAKS approval.

BACK TO:

INT. PLANET JUDGEMENTIA - COUT CAFETERIA.

Two Irkens walk past Zim carrying trays and talking.

Irken #1: So, whaddaya think? Defective or innocent?

Irken #2: Oh, Zim? Defective, all the way. This Evaluation's just a formality so they can get rid of Zim officially.

Zim looks up, shocked.

Zim: Formality? Nonsense. Justice will prevail. The TALLEST will see to it!

The Tallest push their trays away from them and rise.

Red: OKAY! Break's over! LET'S GET THIS FORMALITY OVER WITH!

Zim's eyes widen with dread. He spits out food.

INT. PLANET JUDGEMENTIA - THE SPIKE OF JUDGEMENT

The two guards plop Zim down in front of the BRAINS. Now Zim looks really sick, and actually scared for his life.

The Brains: EVALUATION HAS RESUMED. Prepare for more of Zim's terrible REPLAY.

Right Brain: But... His data makes my brain hurt. We need more brains to filter the pain...

Zim: Excuse me! How about for a change we show some of my... glorious acts of obedience! Like during Invader training!

Zim is lifted once more and the screens flicker. Zim gestures to the Tallest to really check this out.

INT. PLANET DEVASTIS - AUDITORIUM

The auditorium is full of Invader Trainees who are being addressed by Tallest Spork.

Tallest Spork: And as your new Tallest, I am proud to say that you INVADERS in training are the future of the EMPIRE! I'm still taller than you though. SALUTE ME!

In the crowd, Zim salutes!

Zim: Hoo!

INT. PLANET JUDGEMENTIA - THE SPIKE OF JUDGEMENT.

The picture freezes.

Zim: See. You like obedience.

Red: Wait a minute. I think I remember more happening that day.

The picture resumes.

INT. PLANET DEVASTIS - AUDITORIUM.

The crowd has thinned. Irkens shake hands with Spork. Zim talks with the Invader-age Red and Purple.

Purple: Zim, you've done nothing but rain horror down onto the EMPIRE since you were BORN...and NOW they're training you to become an INVADER?! WHY?!! I mean...THAT'S just SICK!!

Zim: Hah... flattery aside, when I am TALLEST, I will make the EMPIRE rulme ever having made me wait so long to rule them!

Red: Yeah, well, if I were TALLEST, I'd PROBABLY put you on TRIAL to defend your life. Yep, THAT's probably what I'd do. Hhhmmmm.

Zim waves off Red's comment, revealing a disc object.

Purple: Hey, what's that thing?

Zim holds up a the object that hung from the collar of the energy absorbing creature.

Zim (Examining object): Oh... THIS? It used to belong to my energy absorbing thingy back before it grew monstrous and nearly wiped out outer space. Remember that? That little guy used to love this thing. I'm surprised he hasn't come back for it after all these—

The ceiling blows in and in flops the unspeakable, now enormous Cthulu-like horror that was Zim's old energy experiment. It roars insanely, horrifying all the trainees.

In a flash, the monster grabs Tallest Spork and pops him into its gaping mouth. Red, Purple, and Zim let out a joint scream of horror as the beast flails and wobbles. Chaos!!

INT. PLANET JUDGEMENTIA - THE SPIKE OF JUDGEMENT

Zim wildly waves his arms in an "ENOUGH" gesture.

Zim (Peeved): HEY!! NO USING TWO BLOB FLASHBACKS IN A ROW!! That's a rule, right?!

Red (Waking from shock): It's even more horrible than I remember! TALLEST SPORK eaten by Zim's blob TOO... like he was just a chew-shmoop!

The Brains: YOU are responsible for the doom of TWO Almighty Tallest?!

ZIM (Defensive): NO, SPORK'S FINE! C'monnnn! (they glare at him) Well look, what about the glory of my performance in Operation Impending Doom One?

EXT. IRKEN MILITARY LAUNCHZONE - NIGHT

Zim, in his familiar Invader attire, stands before Red and Purple, who are now THE TALLEST.

Purple: Okay Zim, this is the empire's finest hour. And YOU'RE in charge of watching everything from this circle!

Zim stands in a circle drawn around him.

Zim: But...

Red: No no!! Don't leave the circle. Stay right there!! DO US PROUD ZIM!

Zim salutes. The Tallest go away chuckling. Zim looks intense! He stands, trying to obey his orders. But the lure of destruction is mighty...

Zim: MY EMPIRE NEEDS MEEEE!

He leaps dramatically over the drawn circle and lands in a painful looking roll. He gets up and runs off-screen. We hear the sounds of a GIANT ROBOT powering up.

Random Irken #2 (O.S.): Hey, has anyone seen Frontline Battle Mech #4? I'm supposed toaaAAAAAAGHH!!

A giant robot (from "The Nightmare Begins") walks into the shot and wreaks familiar havoc. It runs into the distance.

INT. TRIAL PLACE - LATER

Zim, standing amidst the ruins of his city, is shown in another trial with a single CONTROL BRAIN, this one smaller, with different colored eyes. The Tallest observe the trial. The giant robot can be seen nearby.

Control Brain: INVADER ZIM, FOR SINGLE-HANDEDLY RUINING OPERATION IMPENDING DOOM ONE—

Purple: Hey, where'd Zim go?!

Zim has vanished. Immediately, a ridiculously huge spider/crab-like tank lumbers by. Zim's tiny head poking out from the top. He looks brave, but clueless.

Zim: I'M AN INVADER! LOOKIT ME GO! WOOOO!!

INT. PLANET JUDGEMENTIA - THE SPIKE OF JUDGEMENT.

As the flashback ends, Zim looks uncomfortable.

Zim (Nervous): Uh...Boy those days sure were great, huh?

Red: YOU'RE A MONSTER, ZIM. Everything you touch gets destroyed!

Zim: Hey, not everything I do ends in horrible explosions!

EXPLOSION MONTAGE:

The ensuing REPLAY is a QUICK series of things going horribly wrong because of Zim. Satellites spark and explode, giant monsters rampage, little monsters rampage, etc., intercut with Zim watching, growing more and more skittish. He nervously gives the Tallest a double thumbs up. They glare back. Finally:

EXT. A BEAUTIFUL FIELD - DAY

Zim stands in a beautiful field all alone. It's so peaceful.

INT. PLANET JUDGEMENTIA - THE SPIKE OF JUDGEMENT

Zim up looks pleased.

Zim: See! That's peaceful-like.

EXT. A BEAUTIFUL FIELD - DAY

Zim, still standing in the field, scratches his butt.

EXT. BEAUTIFUL FIELD PLANET - CONTINUOUS

Seen from outer space, the planet Zim is on explodes.

INT. PLANET JUDGEMENTIA - THE SPIKE OF JUDGEMENT

Zim (To brains): HEYY!! WE SAID NO MORE EXPLOSIONS!! Cheating! Cheating!

Red (Disgusted): We've seen enough. ZIM, you've been nothing but a curse to the Empire. If TALLEST MIYUKI or SPORK were here, they'd say so, too.

Zim: Well, as a matter of fact, I call as a surprise witness, TALLEST SPORK!

Zim gestures to the audience, where Tallest Spork rises up to be seen. The crowd gasps. SPORK LOOKS PRETTY GOOD.

Spork: Yes, I have returned from my vacation to re-claim my rightful position as leader of the Irken Empire! ISN'T THAT NICE? My first act shall be to pardon the mighty and beneficial Invader Zim!

Zim (Like he won a beauty pageant): Yeeehooo!!

Zim leaps off the podium. Red and Purple watch in rapt confusion as Zim runs out of the room.

EXT. SPACE.

Zim speeds away from the planet in his Voot Runner, happy as a pig, and bobbing as though to the happiest music ever.

INT. TRIAL PLACE.

Tallest Spork has continued talking. Red and Purple approach him tentatively.

Spork: ...and as my twenty-fifth act as leader, I order the construction of the Invader Zim Commemorative Nacho Palace...

Red (Suspicious): Hey... wait a minute...

Red pokes at Spork. A hole pops in the side and Spork deflates. It's been an inflatable model after all. Red picks up the Irken equivalent of a tape recorder, still spouting Spork's speech.

EXT. SPACE.

Zim's cruiser is hit by a tractor beam, HARD. Zim goes from happy to shocked.

INT. TRIAL PLACE.

Zim stands at the podium in horrible chains and shackles. He's now flanked by two MAMMOTH GUARDS, twice the size of his previous guards.

Red: Nice try Zim!

Purple: I wanna know why he had an inflatable Spork with him.

The Brains: We have our ruling...

Zim bites his lip. The Tallest look thrilled.

Purple (To Red): Man... no more Zim. Just imagine that!

Red (To Purple): I know... I've imagined it my whole life!

The Brains: Our ruling; IRKEN ZIM's I.D PAK is damaged and has led to a corrupt data path. HE IS... A DEFECTIVE.

Red and Purple look ecstatic. Zim seems to shrink.

The Brains (Cont'd): Irken Zim's data is not allowed to into the collective. His PAK will be removed, and erased.

Zim (Horrified): But I can't LIVE without my PAK!

Purple (Loud and insincere): AWWW... WOW. Too bad. TOUGH ONE, ZIM.

Zim's PAK is removed. The data cables connect to it and start sucking out data. Zim watches a monitor, horrified, as the data-stream is shown leaving a Zim icon and flowing into a trashcan icon. His life is ending.

Zim (Panicking): No... THIS IS A MISTAKE!! Have I mentioned that I AM ZIM!!!??

The Brains' eyes flash with the data flowing into them. We follow the cables going into their bodies and enter...

INT. FREAKY CYBERNETIC ZONE - AUTUMN

This world inside of the brains is a virtual reality void where Zim's memories flood out of portholes into the surreal techno-landscape. Zim's voice echoes through the void, ringing with familiar sayings from previous episodes.

The Brains: Something wrong... so much... bad data... passing through us all at once... cannot process... the horror... Going... insane!

INT. PLANET JUDGEMENTIA -THE SPIKE OF JUDGEMENT

Sparks shoot out of the BRAINS. GIBBERISH is issued from their speakers.

Zim is suddenly released from his restraints. He looks up in amazement. The Tallest watch, confused. Zim's PAK is replaced and he seems to gain energy from it.

The Brains (Insane): INVADER ZIM, for your heinous crimes... we declare you... THE MOST INCREDIBLE IRKEN EVER!!!

Zim (Happy): Hey, thanks. I really am.

Purple: NO!! YOU CAN'T DO THAT! He's a DEFECTIVE! You ALREADY ruled!

The Brains (Buzzing and insane): Ohhh, LIGHTEN UP! LITTLE...BUMBLE BEE...aargh...THE MADNESS...

The Tallest just stare at the lunatic BRAINS in disbelief. Zim turns on the charm for the cameras that float around him.

The Brains (Cont'd): AND for being YOU, ZIM, we grant you ten free minutes of piloting the MASSIVE!!

EXT. SPACE

The Massive careens through space.

INT. THE MASSIVE - CONTINUOUS

Zim pilots the Massive like a little boy drives a go cart at an amusement park. The Tallest stand behind him, weeping.

Zim (The happiest IRKEN in space): WOOOOHOOOOOO!!!!!! You guys really had me going! Thank you, MY TALLEST!!

EXT. ZIM'S HOUSE - NIGHT

Everything appears to have gone back to normal on Earth. A car dumps GIR off out in front of his home.

Human #2: Too bad about you being overthrown as leader of Earth, and everything being returned to normal. But hey....

GIR listens very sincerely, nodding as he eats a hot dog and drinks his Suck Munky. He walks into his house. The second the door closes, the ceiling opens and Zim's VOOT drops into the hangar. The roof closes.

INT. ZIM'S LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS

GIR sits on the couch, dirty with food and spilled drink. Zim descends from the ceiling, looking irritated.

Zim: Look at this place. I leave and the whole mission grinds to a halt! GAH!!

GIR raises his hot dog and squeals in salute. Zim is already heading towards a rising elevator and doesn't look back at GIR. Zim just sort of waves.

Zim (Cont'd): Yes, yesss. It's good to see you too.

GIR drinks more Suck Munky and spills much all over his doggy suit. We push in on GIR as he reaches into his pockets and pulls out the medallion he was given earlier. Inscribed on the medallion is "KING GIR: RULER OF EARTH". GIR giggles.

igh drama... Slow motion... The Skool bell RINGS. It's three o'clock and all of the kids are heading home.

As credits roll, we see Zim walking happily. Dib and Torque Smacky stand nearby. Dib turns to Torque and says something. Torque CHUCKLES menacingly and throws a ball at Zim. Zim falls to the ground, dislodging his backpack. Everyone LAUGHS at Zim. Torque sees Dib laughing and gets disgusted at his enjoyment. Zim hits the floor and everything goes back to REAL TIME as Zim's PAK pops off of his back. Dib's eyes light up in shock at the sight and he quickly takes action, grabbing the PAK. He holds it for a beat, awed, then runs off with it. Push in on Zim's dazed face, into BLACK as he passes out.

OVER BLACK:

We hear a strange, alien HEARTBEAT. A CLOCK appears on the screen, counting down from ten minutes.

Zim (V.O.): Ughh... Whuh? My lifeclock? Why? Lifeclocks don't come on unless...

EXT. SKOOL FRONT YARD - AFTERNOON

Zim snaps awake, frantic. He reaches around to feel his back.

Zim (CONT'D): AAAAAAAGH!!! My PAK!! IT'S GONE!!

The CLOCK moves to the corner of the screen, where it will remain for the rest of the episode. The first thing Zim sees are the faces of his skoolmates circled above him. All the kids point in one direction: down the hall. Zim follows the pointed fingers with his eyes and sees... Dib, standing at the end of the hall and clutching Zim's PAK to his chest. Dib looks guilty as heck, realizing he's been caught. He bolts around a corner. Zim chases him around for a few turns until he loses him in an open area with a huge crowd of kids, but no Dib. Zim loses it, whirling about in the middle of the crowd, searching with his eyes.

Zim (shouting into crowd) (CONT'D): GIVE ME BACK MY PAK, DIB! I need it to LIVE! Without it I can only survive for ten minutes and the countdown has already started! I am NOT going to expire on this filthy planet because of youuu!! (Zim notices that the crowd is staring at him.) Ehh... forget all that "need my backpack to live" stuff. Yeah. Um, it's just that... uh... it was full of sandwiches, and I love sandwiches.

Behind a nearby pillar on a raised part of a nearby building, Dib has overheard the whole thing. He cradles Zim's PAK like it's taken on a whole new meaning. Zim can be seen below.

Dib (to himself): This thing's even more important than I thought. Oh hi, Screamy.

Screamy, a happy-looking kid, walks by and stops in front of Dib. Immediately after speaking, Dib covers his mouth in horror of what he has just invited.

Screamy (at the top of his lungs): HI, DIB!! HOW YA DOIN!??!!

The whole crowd, including Zim, looks up at the sound.

Dib (Whispering loudly): No, Screamy! SHHH!!! Don't say any—

Screamy: HOW COME YOU'RE WHISPERIN', DIB!?!! HUH, DIB?!! HUH?! I LIKE YOUR NAME: DIB!!!

Dib screams, terrified. He clamps his hands over Screamy's mouth, but then runs screaming at the site of Zim pushing his way through the crowd towards him. Once again, Zim arrives too late and Dib is gone. He grabs Screamy by the shirt.

Zim: SCREAMY! Where did he go? Where did the little thief run to?!

Screamy: I DUNNO, BUT HE SURE DID RUN! AH YOU SHOULDA SEEN'IM! LIKE A GAZELLE! A GAZELLE I SAY! WOW, I SURE WISH I—

Zim flinches at Screamy's onslaught of sound.

Zim: Come on, Screamy, think! THINK LIKE NEVER BEFORE!! WHICH WAY DID HE GO?

Screamy: LET ME THINK! LET MEE... UHHH!! UHHHH!!!

Screamy thinks about it. He thinks really hard. Zim is insane with waiting for Screamy. The strain of thinking is too much and the top of Screamy's head explodes. Black smoke pours out. Zim drops a moaning and twitching Screamy onto the ground.

Zim (Furious): NOOOOO! Feeble humans!

Zim's eye catches a security camera... Then another, and another; from the looks of things, the Skool is monitored by hundreds of security cameras. Zim looks like he's just thought of something, and he runs off.

INT. SKOOL SECURITY OFFICE - CONTINUOUS

Zim bursts into the security room, waking the Security Officer, who sits in front of a huge bank of monitors.

Zim: Quickly! My backpack's been stolen! Everything that I am is in that PAK! My memory drive, my charging cell, my atmospheric processor! My ZIMNESS!

The Officer just stares at him. Zim rethinks his approach.

Zim (CONT'D): Heh. It also gots my baby brother inside!

Security Officer: SWEET DONKEY! My baby brother was taken away in my backpack once, too! What can I do to help?

Zim: I need to find the thief Dib!

The Officer turns to a keyboard and starts typing.

Security Officer: I'm not really supposed to tell you this, but you kids are implanted with a homing chip so we can find you at all times.

Zim looks a little uneasy at this bit of information, but he's got more important things on his mind right now.

Security Officer (CONT'D): Ha! Found him...

INT. SKOOL

Dib is on the phone trying to contact his father.

Dib: I need to speak to Professor Membrane! This is his son. What do you mean he's busy? This is important! Well, tell him I'm coming to the lab, I have something he'll wanna see...

INT. SKOOL SECURITY OFFICE

Security Officer: East wing, near the exits!

Zim rushes out of the office. Dib is around the corner from Zim, but Torque is down the hall.

Dib: Torque? Zim called you a dookie-weenie and says he's gonna beat you up. Look, here he comes now!

Torque: Deenie-woookie?

Dib: No, no, no... a dookie-weenie.

Torque: Dookie...

Torque crushes his juice box in his fist. Zim is now behind him.

Torque (CONT'D): WEENIE?! THAT HURTS MY FEELINGS!

Torque yells and pounces on Zim, growling and moaning while Zim screams frantically. Dib watches from the side. Dib holds up Zim's PAK.

Dib: You're going to make me very famous, little alien backpack. I just hope... What the?

Two claws emerge from the PAK and knock over Dib.

EXT. SKOOL - CONTINUOUS

Dib gets dragged off into the streets. Shortly after, Zim bursts out of the Skool's front doors, having escaped the beating, with Torque not far behind.

Torque: TAKE IT BACK! TAKE BACK THE DOOKIEWEENIE!! Ahhhhhhh!

Zim runs into a crowd of pedestrians, ditching Torque for the moment. Zim stops to catch his breath against the leg of a standing pedestrian.

Zim: So... weak... No! My body shell... is already starting to deteriorate! My amazing intelligence... draining. Must reconnect with brain.

Torque: ZIM!!!

Zim's been spotted, and now he runs again, desperately looking around for a way out. Zim spots something that gives him hope. He sprints madly and leaps... directly into THE FATTEST SUMO WRESTLER WE HAVE EVER SEEN. He sinks into his girth. Torque walks by, confused. He looks for Zim but can't find him anywhere. He runs off.

Beat.

Another beat.

Finally, Zim's fist shoots out from between two folds of flesh on the Sumo Wrestler. Triumphant music plays. His face pops up, gasping for air. He flops to the ground. He looks up to see Torque, a block away. Torque doesn't see Zim. Zim looks around. He's running out of time. He spots Gaz playing a Ninja Fighting video game in an arcade.

Zim: The sibling. Maybe she could... No! An Invader needs help from no... helper!

He coughs sickly and wobbles woozily, steadying himself on a nearby doggy. He looks desperate.

INT. CITY BUS - CONTINUOUS

Dib, sitting on the bus, getting many stares, has finally contained the wild PAK, holding it tight against his chest. The PAK suddenly stops struggling. Dib looks alarmed, then relaxes, glad the resistance is over with for now.

Dib: Well, I guess I wore this thing out. I... huh?

He tugs at the PAK and finds that it's stuck to his chest, attached by two strong cables that seem to actually go INTO him! He rolls around on the floor, pulling at the thing. He eventually calms down.

Dib (CONT'D): Okay... don't panic... Dad'll know how to get this off. I just have to get to his lab... and then take over the filthy Earth!

Dib slaps his hands over his mouth, horrified by the words that have just exited his mouth.

INT. VIDEO GAME ARCADE - CONTINUOUS

The arcade has no front wall and Gaz plays a game nearest the sidewalk. A half-dead Zim wobbles dangerously, riding the doggy he found earlier like a horse. The dog stops and Zim flops off to the sidewalk, lying face-up. Gaz stares at him then gives him a lazy kick to the side. He quickly shoots upright, then immediately goes more slack. His eyes look off in two different directions. His speech is slurred and almost incoherent.

Zim (all one stream of words): Dibsister! Dib stole my backpack and he takes it to your father's lab for experimenting on it and if I don't get it back soon, I won't live no more filthy earth human.

Gaz: You're not making any sense.

Zim (even more slurred): Backpack have brain thing make Zim act like ZIM. Need PAK to think stuff.

Gaz: Oh yeah... That's much better.

Zim beats his head against the wall, knocking his eyes back into alignment. Gaz turns her head at the sound of her game (that she had been ignoring since Zim arrived) ending. Zim sees the GAMESLAVE 2 poking out of Gaz's pocket and snatches it while she's distracted. He stuffs it into his pocket.

Zim: He also stole your Game device and wants to experiment on it too!

Gaz searches her pocket. She looks furious.

Gaz: Where did you say he was going?

Zim has started to go wall-eyed again.

Zim: Can't tell you... have to SHOW you... Zim weak... need Dibsister to carry.

Gaz looks angry. She finally grabs Zim by the ankle and drags him like a sack down the street.

INT. MEMBRANE'S LAB - CONTINUOUS

Professor Membrane and another scientist stand next to each other. They have identical workstations, each with a brain in a tray. Next to each of them stand inactive robots with empty heads. A tense crowd of lab technicians watches. One of them holds a stopwatch. Membrane completes whatever he is doing to HIS brain before the other scientist and stuffs the brain into the robot on his side. The robot springs to life.

Robot #1: I am FOODIO, the robot that will end world hunger. Off I go!

FOODIO runs off. The stopwatch holder clicks to stop the timer and holds Membrane's arm up victoriously. The crowd cheers Membrane, while the other scientist grudgingly hands Membrane a wad of cash. The crowd leaves the room. Membrane poses heroically as camera-bots zoom in from seemingly nowhere to snaps his picture. Dib runs in, however, scaring the camera-bots away.

Dib: Dad!

Professor Membrane: How did you get in here, little boy?

Dib: Dad, it's me, ZIM! I mean DIB! I want you to have a look at this! NOW LOOK, FILTHY HUMAN! I mean... dad.

He gestures towards the PAK on his chest.

Professor Membrane: Son, I don't like to get involved in your fashion matters, but that big metal shirt of yours is—

Dib: IT'S NOT A SHIRT! It's taking over my inferior human mind! You have to analyze it! I'm sure you'll be amazed.

Dib activates the spider legs to show off the technology.

Professor Membrane: Fascinating! Perhaps just a quick look.

EXT. STREET LEADING TO MEMBRANE LABS - CONTINUOUS

Gaz rides a motorcycle with a feeble Zim hanging on behind her and an exceptionally safe-looking helmet on her head. The sound is deafening.

Zim (really out of it): ...hurry ....there don't be enough time left... life draining... ZIM...

Gaz speeds up, looking angry and determined.

INT. MEMBRANE'S LAB - CONTINUOUS

Membrane uses some scanning tools and probes on the PAK.

Dib: It's some kind of parasite! Get it off before... I AM ZIM! Hurry, dad! It's doing something to my brains!

Professor Membrane: I've almost got it off of you here...

EXT. MEMBRANE LABS - CONTINUOUS

Gaz zooms past the guards, riding Zim like a horse. Zim looks exhausted and drooly, and then confused.

INT. MEMBRANE'S LABS - CONTINUOUS

Dib: Careful... Dad, do you know what this means? This device... it IS ZIM. It's his brain and his life support. That means his body is just.... something to carry his PAK around. It's... I AM ZIM AND I WILL RULE YOU ALLLLL!!!

He uses the legs to push Membrane over. Dib, with robot legs protruding from his belly, scuttles away towards the remaining robot from earlier. Gaz bursts into the lab.

Professor Membrane: Gaz! Your brother wants to rule us all! We have to stop him!

Gaz: Yeah, yeah. He stole my Gameslave, and now he's gonna PAY.

Zim flops through the door, looking barely alive. He drools sick goo. The counter is down to about thirty seconds.

Zim: ...give up, Dib... Zim here now... prepare for... Floooooooog. ZIM FLOOOOOOG!! DuuhhhhHHHhh...

Dib does some quick work on the robot brain, laughing evilly all the while. He plops the brain into the robot and the robot comes to life, looking insane and spooky-like.

Robot #2: "I AM DESTRUCTIO! THE ROBOT THAT WILL END ALL LIFE ON EARTH! OFF I GO!!"

Destrucio smashes through a wall and runs into the city. Dib rubs his hands evilly, enjoying his work.

Professor Membrane: Noooooo!

Zim (welling up some strength): Dibsister! Attack!!

Gaz: Give me my Gameslave back now and I'll let you keep ONE of your limbs, Dib.

Zim: BLUUAAAAAGH?!!

Dib is too busy laughing hysterically to notice his sister's threats. When her rage reaches its peak, she leaps up, executes a series of ninja moves and knocks the PAK off of Dib. It falls to the ground right next to Zim. Zim looks at it for a moment as though trying to remember what it is, then stumbles over and picks it up. He tries to put in on his head like a hat. The clock is counting down... five seconds, four... he tries to stand on it... three, two... finally, he puts it on his back. The clock stops with one second left on it. Zim's body rejuvenates, looking full and healthy green again. His eyes flash as the data floods back into him. He levitates for a second, full of power.

Zim (CONT'D): I AM ZIM!

Dib raises his head to see the victorious Zim.

Zim (CONT'D): You have no idea what you were toying with, Dib! Your filthy human body chemistry isn't compatible with the PAK! It would've destroyed you! You're lucky I defeated you! HAH!!

He raises his arms in victory. As he raises his arms, the Gameslave falls out of his pocket. Gaz, standing over her dazed brother and preparing to make good on her threat of limb removal, sees this and her eyes go wide with anger.

Zim sees the advancing wave of evil that is Gaz, SHRIEKS, and runs away. Gaz chases him through the hole in the wall left by Destructio. Dib watches them go, then remembers something very important.

Dib: OH NO! I MUST STOP DESTRUCTIO!

Dib runs out to stop the monster. Membrane is now alone in his ruined laboratory. He shakes his head sadly.

Professor Membrane: That boy and his friends...

Another wall comes down, revealing a furious Torque Smacky, still running after Zim. He runs through the hole that Zim and Gaz just exited through.

Torque: DOOOOOOOKIEEEEEWEEEEEENIE!!!

Membrane turns the lights off and leaves the room, disgusted.
